---
id: 1-1-13
title: >-
  1.1.13 - Ensure that the default administrative credential file permissions
  are set to 600 (Automated)
sidebar_label: >-
  1.1.13 - Ensure that the default administrative credential file permissions
  are set to 600 (Automated)
description: >-
  1.1.13 - Ensure that the default administrative credential file permissions
  are set to 600 (Automated)
tags:
  - administration
  - beginner
  - administrator
  - trend-vision-one
  - documentation
category: administration
audience: administrator
complexity: beginner
wordCount: 207
readingTime: 2
aiOptimized: true
optimizationScore: 10
qualityScore: 67
lastAnalyzed: '2025-09-18T23:37:14.389Z'
lastUpdated: '2025-09-18T23:37:14.390Z'
---

 1.1.13 - Ensure that the default administrative credential file permissions are set to 600 (Automated) Profile applicability: Level 1 - Master Node Ensure that the admin.conf file (and super-admin.conf file, where it exists) have permissions of 600. As part of initial cluster setup, default kubeconfig files are created to be used by the administrator of the cluster. These files contain private keys and certificates which allow for privileged access to the cluster. You should restrict their file permissions to maintain the integrity and confidentiality of the file(s). The file(s) should be readable and writable by only the administrators on the system. Note By default, admin.conf and super-admin.conf have permissions of 600. Audit Run the following command (based on the file location on your system) on the Control Plane node. stat -c %a /etc/kubernetes/admin.conf On Kubernetes version 1.29 and higher run the following command as well. stat -c %a /etc/kubernetes/super-admin.conf Verify that the permissions are 600 or more restrictive. Remediation Run the below command (based on the file location on your system) on the Control Plane node. chmod 600 /etc/kubernetes/admin.conf On Kubernetes 1.29+ the super-admin.conf file should also be modified, if present. chmod 600 /etc/kubernetes/super-admin.conf © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base
