---
id: 1-3-4
title: 1.3.4 - Ensure that the --service-account-private-key-file argument is set as appropriate (Automated)
sidebar_label: 1.3.4 - Ensure that the --service-account-private-key-file argument is set as appropriate (Automated)
description: 1.3.4 - Ensure that the --service-account-private-key-file argument is set as appropriate (Automated)
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 1.3.4 - Ensure that the --service-account-private-key-file argument is set as appropriate (Automated) Profile applicability: Level 1 - Master Node Explicitly set a service account private key file for service accounts on the controller manager. To ensure that keys for service account tokens can be rotated as needed, a separate public/private key pair should be used for signing service account tokens. The private key should be specified to the controller manager with --service-account-private-key-file as appropriate. Note By default, --service-account-private-key-file it not set. Impact You would need to securely maintain the key file and rotate the keys based on your organization's key rotation policy. Audit Run the following command on the Control Plane node: ps -ef | grep kube-controller-manager Verify that the --service-account-private-key-file argument is set as appropriate. Remediation Edit the Controller Manager pod specification file /etc/kubernetes/manifests/kube-controller-manager.yaml on the Control Plane node and set the --service-account-private-key-file parameter to the private key file for service accounts. --service-account-private-key-file=<filename> © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base