---
id: 1-3-5
title: 1.3.5 - Ensure that the --root-ca-file argument is set as appropriate (Automated)
sidebar_label: 1.3.5 - Ensure that the --root-ca-file argument is set as appropriate (Automated)
description: 1.3.5 - Ensure that the --root-ca-file argument is set as appropriate (Automated)
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ 1.3.5 - Ensure that the --root-ca-file argument is set as appropriate (Automated) Profile applicability: Level 1 - Master Node Allow pods to verify the API server's serving certificate before establishing connections. Processes running within pods that need to contact the API server must verify the API server's serving certificate. Failing to do so could be a subject to man-in-the-middle attacks. Providing the root certificate for the API server's serving certificate to the controller manager with the --root-ca-file argument allows the controller manager to inject the trusted bundle into pods so that they can verify TLS connections to the API server. Note By default, --root-ca-file is not set. Impact You need to setup and maintain root certificate authority file. Audit Run the following command on the Control Plane node: ps -ef | grep kube-controller-manager Verify that the --root-ca-file argument exists and is set to a certificate bundle file containing the root certificate for the API server's serving certificate. Remediation Edit the Controller Manager pod specification file /etc/kubernetes/manifests/kube-controller-manager.yaml on the Control Plane node and set the --root-ca-file parameter to the certificate bundle file. --root-ca-file=<path/to/file> © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base