---
id: 1-3-6
title: 1.3.6 - Ensure that the RotateKubeletServerCertificate argument is set to true (Automated)
sidebar_label: 1.3.6 - Ensure that the RotateKubeletServerCertificate argument is set to true (Automated)
description: 1.3.6 - Ensure that the RotateKubeletServerCertificate argument is set to true (Automated)
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 1.3.6 - Ensure that the RotateKubeletServerCertificate argument is set to true (Automated) Profile applicability: Level 1 - Master Node Enable kubelet server certificate rotation on controller-manager. RotateKubeletServerCertificate causes the kubelet to both request a serving certificate after bootstrapping its client credentials and rotate the certificate as its existing credentials expire. This automated periodic rotation ensures that the there are no downtimes due to expired certificates and thus addressing availability in the CIA security triad. Note This recommendation only applies if you let kubelets get their certificates from the API server. In case your kubelet certificates come from an outside authority/tool (e.g. Vault) then you need to take care of rotation yourself. Note By default, RotateKubeletServerCertificate is set to True; this recommendation verifies that it has not been disabled. Audit Run the following command on the Control Plane node: ps -ef | grep kube-controller-manager Verify that RotateKubeletServerCertificate argument exists and is set to true. Remediation Edit the Controller Manager pod specification file /etc/kubernetes/manifests/kube-controller-manager.yaml on the Control Plane node and set the --feature-gates parameter to include RotateKubeletServerCertificate=true. --feature-gates=RotateKubeletServerCertificate=true © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base