---
id: 2-4
title: 2.4 - Ensure that the --peer-cert-file and --peer-key-file arguments are set as appropriate (Automated)
sidebar_label: 2.4 - Ensure that the --peer-cert-file and --peer-key-file arguments are set as appropriate (Automated)
description: 2.4 - Ensure that the --peer-cert-file and --peer-key-file arguments are set as appropriate (Automated)
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 2.4 - Ensure that the --peer-cert-file and --peer-key-file arguments are set as appropriate (Automated) Profile applicability: Level 1 - Master Node etcd should be configured to make use of TLS encryption for peer connections. etcd is a highly-available key value store used by Kubernetes deployments for persistent storage of all of its REST API objects. These objects are sensitive in nature and should be encrypted in transit and also amongst peers in the etcd clusters. Note This recommendation is applicable only for etcd clusters. If you are using only one etcd server in your environment then this recommendation is not applicable. Note By default, peer communication over TLS is not configured. Impact etcd cluster peers would need to set up TLS for their communication. Audit Run the following command on the etcd server node: ps -ef | grep etcd Verify that the --peer-cert-file and --peer-key-file arguments are set as appropriate. Remediation Follow the etcd service documentation and configure peer TLS encryption as appropriate for your etcd cluster. Then, edit the etcd pod specification file /etc/kubernetes/manifests/etcd.yaml on the master node and set the below parameters. --peer-client-file=</path/to/peer-cert-file> --peer-key-file=</path/to/peer-key-file> © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base