---
id: 2-6
title: 2.6 - Ensure that the --peer-auto-tls argument is not set to true (Automated)
sidebar_label: 2.6 - Ensure that the --peer-auto-tls argument is not set to true (Automated)
description: 2.6 - Ensure that the --peer-auto-tls argument is not set to true (Automated)
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ 2.6 - Ensure that the --peer-auto-tls argument is not set to true (Automated) Profile applicability: Level 1 - Master Node Do not use automatically generated self-signed certificates for TLS connections between peers. etcd is a highly-available key value store used by Kubernetes deployments for persistent storage of all of its REST API objects. These objects are sensitive in nature and should be accessible only by authenticated etcd peers in the etcd cluster. Therefore, do not use self-signed certificates for authentication. Note This recommendation is applicable only for etcd clusters. If you are using only one etcd server in your environment then this recommendation is not applicable. Note By default, --peer-auto-tls argument is set to false. Impact All peers attempting to communicate with the etcd server will require a valid client certificate for authentication. Audit Run the following command on the etcd server node: ps -ef | grep etcd Verify that if the --peer-auto-tls argument exists, it is not set to true. Remediation Edit the etcd pod specification file /etc/kubernetes/manifests/etcd.yaml on the master node and either remove the --peer-auto-tls parameter or set it to false. --peer-auto-tls=false © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base