---
id: 4-1-2
title: 4.1.2 - Ensure that the kubelet service file ownership is set to root:root (Automated)
sidebar_label: 4.1.2 - Ensure that the kubelet service file ownership is set to root:root (Automated)
description: 4.1.2 - Ensure that the kubelet service file ownership is set to root:root (Automated)
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ 4.1.2 - Ensure that the kubelet service file ownership is set to root:root (Automated) Profile applicability: Level 1 - Worker Node Ensure that the kubelet service file ownership is set to root:root. The kubelet service file controls various parameters that set the behavior of the kubelet service in the worker node. You should set its file ownership to maintain the integrity of the file. The file should be owned by root:root. Note By default, kubelet service file ownership is set to root:root. Audit Automated AAC auditing has been modified to allow CIS-CAT to input a variable for the <PATH>/<FILENAME> of the kubelet service config file. Set $kubelet_service_config=<PATH> based on the file location on your system: export kubelet_service_config=/etc/systemd/system/kubelet.service.d/kubeadm.conf To perform the audit manually, run the below command (based on the file location on your system) on the each worker node: stat -c %U:%G /etc/systemd/system/kubelet.service.d/10-kubeadm.conf Verify that the ownership is set to root:root. Remediation Run the below command (based on the file location on your system) on the each worker node: chown root:root /etc/systemd/system/kubelet.service.d/kubeadm.conf © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base