---
id: 4-1-5
title: 4.1.5 - Ensure that the --kubeconfig kubelet.conf file permissions are set to 600 or more restrictive (Automated)
sidebar_label: 4.1.5 - Ensure that the --kubeconfig kubelet.conf file permissions are set to 600 or more restrictive (Automated)
description: 4.1.5 - Ensure that the --kubeconfig kubelet.conf file permissions are set to 600 or more restrictive (Automated)
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ 4.1.5 - Ensure that the --kubeconfig kubelet.conf file permissions are set to 600 or more restrictive (Automated) Profile applicability: Level 1 - Worker Node Ensure that the kubelet.conf file has permissions of 600 or more restrictive. The kubelet.conf file is the kubeconfig file for the node, and controls various parameters that set the behavior and identity of the worker node. You should restrict its file permissions to maintain the integrity of the file. The file should be writable by only the administrators on the system. Note By default, kubelet.conf file has permissions of 600. Audit Automated AAC auditing has been modified to allow CIS-CAT to input a variable for the <PATH>/<FILENAME> of the kubelet config file. Set $kubelet_config=<PATH> based on the file location on your system: export kubelet_config=/etc/kubernetes/kubelet.conf To perform the audit manually, run the below command (based on the file location on your system) on the each worker node: stat -c %a /etc/kubernetes/kubelet.conf Verify that the ownership is set to root:root. Verify that the permissions are 600 or more restrictive. Remediation Run the below command (based on the file location on your system) on the each worker node: chmod 600 /etc/kubernetes/kubelet.conf © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base