---
id: 4-1-10
title: 4.1.10 - If the kubelet config.yaml configuration file is being used validate file ownership is set to root:root (Automated)
sidebar_label: 4.1.10 - If the kubelet config.yaml configuration file is being used validate file ownership is set to root:root (Automated)
description: 4.1.10 - If the kubelet config.yaml configuration file is being used validate file ownership is set to root:root (Automated)
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ 4.1.10 - If the kubelet config.yaml configuration file is being used validate file ownership is set to root:root (Automated) Profile applicability: Level 1 - Worker Node Ensure that if the kubelet refers to a configuration file with the --config argument, that file is owned by root:root. The kubelet reads various parameters, including security settings, from a config file specified by the --config argument. If this file is specified you should restrict its file permissions to maintain the integrity of the file. The file should be owned by root:root. Note By default, /var/lib/kubelet/config.yaml file as set up by kubeadm is owned by root:root. Audit Automated AAC auditing has been modified to allow CIS-CAT to input a variable for the <PATH>/<FILENAME> of the kubelet config yaml file. Set $kubelet_config_yaml=<PATH> based on the file location on your system: export kubelet_config_yaml=/var/lib/kubelet/config.yaml To perform the audit manually, run the below command (based on the file location on your system) on the each worker node: stat -c %aU %G /var/lib/kubelet/config.yaml Verify that the ownership is set to root:root. Remediation Run the following command (using the config file location identied in the Audit step): chown root:root /etc/kubernetes/kubelet.conf © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base