---
id: 4-3-1
title: 4.3.1 - Ensure that the kube-proxy metrics service is bound to localhost (Automated)
sidebar_label: 4.3.1 - Ensure that the kube-proxy metrics service is bound to localhost (Automated)
description: 4.3.1 - Ensure that the kube-proxy metrics service is bound to localhost (Automated)
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 4.3.1 - Ensure that the kube-proxy metrics service is bound to localhost (Automated) Profile applicability: Level 1 - Worker Node Do not bind the kube-proxy metrics port to non-loopback addresses. kube-proxy has two APIs which provided access to information about the service and can be bound to network ports. The metrics API service includes endpoints (/metrics and /configz) which disclose information about the configuration and operation of kube-proxy. These endpoints should not be exposed to untrusted networks as they do not support encryption or authentication to restrict access to the data they provide. Note The default value is 127.0.0.1:10249. Impact 3rd party services which try to access metrics or configuration information related to kube-proxy will require access to the localhost interface of the node. Audit Review the start-up flags provided to kube proxy. ps -ef | grep -i kube-proxy Ensure that the --metrics-bind-address parameter is not set to a value other than 127.0.0.1. From the output of this command gather the location specified in the --config parameter. Review any file stored at that location and ensure that it does not specify a value other than 127.0.0.1 for metricsBindAddress. Remediation Modify or remove any values which bind the metrics service to a non-localhost address. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base