---
id: access-exchange-auth-acct
title: Granting access to Exchange Online with an authorized account
sidebar_label: Granting access to Exchange Online with an authorized account
description: Granting access to Exchange Online with an authorized account
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Granting access to Exchange Online with an authorized account The steps outlined below detail how to grant Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection access to Exchange Online with an Authorized Account from Dashboard. This account enables Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection to scan messages after they arrive at or are delivered from protected mailboxes. Procedure Go to Dashboard → Service Status. Click Grant Access in the Action column for Exchange Online. The Grant Access to Exchange Online screen appears. Select to synchronize all users and groups or selected users during access grant. Important For access grant with certain targets synchronized, Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection does not support manual synchronization and scheduled synchronization. Select the policy to enable automatically when the access grant is complete. Click Grant Permission. Specify your Microsoft 365 Global Administrator credentials and click Sign in. The Exchange Online authorization screen appears. Click Accept to grant Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection permissions to use the Graph API to access all mailboxes. If you have selected Synchronize selected users in step 3, specify the users you want to synchronize. In the Available Targets area that appears, specify individual users or select users from groups. By User: specify the exact user principal name of a user and press Enter to verify and display the user name. By Group: specify at least the first three characters of the group name and press Enter to search for and display the group(s). Select the user(s) and click the arrow button to add them to the Selected Targets area. You can synchronize a maximum of 100 users. Optionally select one or multiple users in the Selected Targets area and click the arrow button to remove them. Click Submit. Wait until the process is completed. If the message "Successfully created a service account and synced data." appears on the screen, the access grant is successful. To allow Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection to enhance protection for your Exchange Online service based on user behavior, click Grant Permission in the banner on the Dashboard screen, and follow the instructions to grant Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection the permission to read activity data for your organization. Next steps If for some reason the access token becomes invalid, a notification appears on Dashboard. Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection also sends an email message to notify the administrator of this event. To continue using the service account, go to Administration → Service Account to create a new access token. For more information, see Service account. If only some targets were selected to synchronize during access grant, Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection is also able to extend its protection to all targets under the corresponding service by enabling you to manually synchronize all targets: On the Service Account screen, click Extend Protection to All Targets. On the screen that appears, view the instructions and click Submit. Go to Advanced Threat Protection or Data Loss Prevention, and open an ATP or DLP policy of each service you want to extend the protection to, that is, Exchange Online, SharePoint Online, or OneDrive. Select the General tab and click Click here to manually synchronize all your targets. Note After clicking Submit, you can also wait until the next day because Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection automatically synchronizes with your Microsoft 365 environment once per day. If only some targets were selected to synchronize during access grant, Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection allows you to continue to synchronize new users and remove synchronized users as needed afterward. For more information, see Managing synchronized user list for Exchange Online. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base