---
id: accessing-management-console
title: Accessing the management console
sidebar_label: Accessing the management console
description: Accessing the management console
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Accessing the management console Procedure Open the management console logon page. Do the following based on the user account you use: Option Description Customer License Portal (CLP) or Licensing Management Platform (LMP) root account Type the user name, and then click somewhere outside of the user name text box. The management console redirects you to the corresponding CLP or LMP logon page for Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection. Type the user name and password, and then click Sign In. Note If your account is enabled with two-factor authentication, you still need a verification code generated by the Google Authenticator app to sign in, beside your account credentials. Two-factor authentication provides an added layer of security for your Trend Micro account and prevents unauthorized access to your Trend Micro SaaS product consoles, even if your password is stolen. Local account (Active Directory account) Type the email address, and then click somewhere outside of the user name text box. The management console redirects you to your Microsoft Entra ID or your organization's Active Directory Federation Services (AD FS) sign-in page. Type the password for your AD account, and then click Sign In. Local account (non Active Directory account) Type the email address and password, and then click Log On. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base