---
id: account-compromise
title: Account compromise
sidebar_label: Account compromise
description: Account compromise
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Account compromise View information about the Account Compromise risk factor, which highlights user accounts that display unusual activity, have been detected on the dark web, or have been targeted by malicious email campaigns. Threat and Exposure Management assesses user accounts for any activity that might indicate potential account compromise. If an assessment of an account highlights events with a High or Medium risk level, the account and risk type information displays in the Account Compromise Indicators table. The Account Compromise risk factor contributes to your exposure level. Note Information on the Account Compromise risk factor is only available for users with the Accounts asset visibility scope. The following table outlines the widgets available in the Account Compromise section. Widget Description Account Compromise Indicators Events on user accounts that display unusual activity, have been detected on the dark web, or that have been targeted by malicious email campaigns, and might be compromised and require immediate attention. When viewing risk events, click the number in the case column to view current cases involving the specified risk event. Click the options icon () to open a new case for the risk event or add the case to an existing risk event. The following table describes the risk indicators associated with the Account Compromise risk factor. Indicator Description Data sources Target Compromised account At-risk user accounts that exhibited anomalous activities or were specifically targeted by malicious email campaigns during the evaluation period Active Directory (on-premises) Microsoft Entra ID Okta Trend Cloud One - Endpoint & Workload Security Trend Micro Apex One as a Service Trend Micro Deep Security Email Sensor Endpoint Sensor User Important Account Compromise events related to Active Directory (on-premises) are only detected if the Active Directory Connector is installed on the domain controller. Related information Dark web monitoring © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base