---
id: activity-behaviors
title: Activity and behaviors
sidebar_label: Activity and behaviors
description: Activity and behaviors
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Activity and behaviors View information about the Activity and behaviors risk factor, which highlights irregularities in user and device behavior that could indicate an ongoing under attack. Threat and Exposure Management assesses user accounts and devices for any unusual activity that may indicate a potential threat. If an assessment highlights events with a High or Medium risk level, the account or device and risk type information displays in the Activity and Behaviors table. The Activity and Behaviors risk factor contributes to your exposure level. When viewing risk events, click the number in the case column to view current cases involving the specified risk event. Click the options icon () to open a new case for the risk event or add the case to an existing risk event. The following table describes the risk indicators associated with the Activity and behaviors risk factor. Indicator Description Data sources Target User activity Abnormal user behavior patterns or preferences Microsoft Entra ID Endpoint Sensor Trend Micro Apex One as a Service Okta Active Directory (on-premises) User Device activity Abnormal device behavior patterns or preferences Important For customers that have updated to the Foundation Services release, device activity data is only displayed for devices within the asset visibility scope of the current user. Endpoint Sensor Trend Micro Apex One as a Service Active Directory (on-premises) Web Sensor Trend Cloud One - Endpoint & Workload Security Device Network activity Anomalous or malicious network activity Trend Micro Web Security Zero Trust Secure Access - Internet Access Zero Trust Secure Access - Private Access Microsoft 365 Trend Cloud One - Endpoint & Workload Security Splunk - Network Firewall / Web Gateway Logs User Device © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base