---
id: activity-monitoring-basic
title: "Warning: Activity Monitoring engine has only basic functions"
sidebar_label: "Warning: Activity Monitoring engine has only basic functions"
description: "Warning: Activity Monitoring engine has only basic functions"
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Warning: Activity Monitoring engine has only basic functions When a new Linux kernel version is released, Trend Micro releases a new kernel support package for the agent. If a computer's kernel version is not currently supported, then the Activity Monitoring engine can provide only basic protection. Normal protection resumes when the agent receives the update to support the new kernel version. To prevent this problem, verify that the new kernel version is supported before you upgrade it. Basic functions Module Category Feature name Supported Comment Activity Monitoring Telemetry File Create Event No No support in container File Open Event No No support in container Process Create Event Yes Process Terminate Event Yes DNS Query Event No Network Inbound Connection Event Yes Network Outbound Event Yes UDSO Logging action for IP address, domain, file SHA-1, and file SHA-256 No Cannot log all DNS query events. For more information, see Suspicious Object Management. Quarantine or block action for file SHA-1 and file SHA-256 Yes For more information, see Suspicious Object Management. Response Remote Shell Yes File Collection Yes Custom Script Yes Network Isolation Yes Memory Dump Yes Reason IDs To restore full functionality when the agent is providing only basic protection, you must resolve the cause of the warning based on the reason ID: Reason ID 7: Find out if the latest Kernel Support Package (KSP) for that particular kernel is available. File a case to request KSP support. Other reason ID: Create a diagnostic package and logs Contact your support provider The reason ID is included in events forwarded to an external Syslog, SIEM server, or Amazon SNS. Also the event description for the Anti-Malware Engine Offline or Anti-Malware Engine with Basic Functions agent displays the reason ID. Reason ID Event reason Description 7 Unavailable kernel version No driver is available for the Linux kernel version. This causes a driver offline error. 8 Failed driver loading Loading the driver (tmhook/bmhook) into the kernel failed. This causes a driver offline error. 9 Failed driver unloading Unloading a driver from the kernel failed. This causes a driver offline error. 14 Configuration file disable driver Agent is set to not load the driver by configuration INI file. This causes a driver offline state. 15 Policy disable driver Agent is set to not load the driver by Deep Security Manager or Workload Security policy. This causes a driver offline state. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base