---
id: actions-different-services
title: Actions available for different services
sidebar_label: Actions available for different services
description: Actions available for different services
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Actions available for different services Note The following tables list all available actions in ATP and DLP policies for protected services. The specific actions available for a service vary depending on the security filter and threat type. Exchange Online, Exchange Online (Inline Mode) - Inbound Protection, Exchange Online (Inline Mode) - Outbound Protection policies Action Description Tag subject Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection adds keywords before email message subject to inform the user that a security risk is detected. The email message is delivered to the intended recipient. Delete Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection deletes the entire email message. Quarantine Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection moves the email message to a dedicated quarantine location, removing it as a security risk to protected services. Note For Exchange Online, the quarantine location is a hidden folder in the user's mailbox; for Exchange Online (Inline Mode), the quarantine location is in the storage of Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection. Pass Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection records the detection in a log and the message is unchanged. Pass without logging Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection does not record the detection in a log and the message is unchanged. Move to Junk Email folder Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection moves the email message to the user's Junk Email folder. Note This action option is not available for Exchange Online (Inline Mode) - Outbound Protection. In the Virtual Analyzer filter, this action option applies only to email messages whose attachment was submitted to Virtual Analyzer and classified as Unrated, which means that the submitted sample was not analyzed by Virtual Analyzer for a certain reason. Add disclaimer Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection adds a disclaimer to display at the beginning of the email body to inform the recipient that the email may contain some security risks. The disclaimer cannot exceed 512 characters. You can use a token to specify the exact reason that caused the sender to be identified as suspicious. For details, see Token List. Replace with text/file Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection deletes the file, infected, malicious, or undesirable content and replaces it with text or a file. The email message is delivered to the intended recipient, but the text replacement informs them that the original content was infected and was replaced. Note For Exchange Online, Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection does not support this action for MIP-encrypted email messages and applies the Pass action instead. Sanitize file Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection removes the active content from the file and delivers the email message with the sanitized file. Note For Exchange Online, Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection does not support this action for MIP-encrypted email messages and applies the Pass action instead. Change recipient Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection intercepts emails and routes them to your specified recipients instead of the original recipients. Note This action option is available for Exchange Online (Inline Mode), but not for Exchange Online. Gmail, Gmail (Inline Mode) - Inbound Protection, Gmail (Inline Mode) - Outbound Protection policies Action Description Tag subject Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection adds keywords before email message subject to inform the user that a security risk is detected. The email message is delivered to the intended recipient. Delete Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection deletes the entire email message. Quarantine Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection moves the email message to a restricted access folder, removing it as a security risk to protected services. Move to Spam Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection applies Gmail's system label "Spam" to the email message and the message only displays in the user's Spam folder. Label email Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection includes a label Risky (by Trend Micro) at the top of the email message in the user's mailbox. Pass Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection records the detection in a log and the message is unchanged. Pass without logging Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection does not record the detection in a log and the message is unchanged. Change recipient Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection intercepts emails and routes them to your specified recipients instead of the original recipients. Note This action option is available for Gmail (Inline Mode), but not for Gmail. SharePoint Online, OneDrive, Microsoft Teams (Teams), Box, Dropbox, and Google Drive policies Action Description Delete Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection deletes the file and replaces it with a placeholder using the original file name and .txt. Quarantine Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection moves the file to a restricted access folder, removing it as a security risk to protected services. Pass Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection records the detection in a log and the file is unchanged. Apply sensitivity label Note This action is available only to OneDrive, Microsoft Teams (Teams), SharePoint Online after you have granted Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection access to Microsoft Information Protection. Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection applies a selected Microsoft Information Protection sensitivity label on the file. When you select the action, click Show Advanced Options and configure Sensitivity Labeling Remove sensitivity label Note This action is available only to OneDrive, Microsoft Teams (Teams), SharePoint Online after you have granted Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection access to Microsoft Information Protection. Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection removes the Microsoft Information Protection sensitivity label from the file. Pass without logging Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection does not record the detection in a log and the file is unchanged. Note For Microsoft Teams (Teams), after Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection quarantines or deletes an image posted in a Teams channel, users can still preview and download the image in the Teams channel. Teams Chat Action Description Block Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection calls Microsoft Teams to hide the message from both the sender and recipient. Note If a file in a chat message violated the policy, it was hidden from the private chat window (the Chat tab), but it is still stored in the sender's OneDrive folder and shown on the Files tab. Pass Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection records the detection in a log and the message is unchanged. Pass without logging Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection does not record the detection in a log and the message is unchanged. Note The specific actions available for Teams Chat depend on your Microsoft license. For more information, see Granting access to Teams. Trend Micro recommended action options in the Malware Scanning filter for different services Threat Type Action for Exchange Online Action for Exchange Online (inline mode) Action for Teams Chat Action for Gmail Action for Gmail (inline mode) Action for Other Services Active content Sanitize file Sanitize file Not applicable Not applicable Not applicable Not applicable Virus Quarantine Quarantine Block Label email Quarantine Quarantine Worms/Trojans Quarantine Quarantine Block Label email Quarantine Quarantine Packed files Quarantine Quarantine Block Label email Quarantine Quarantine Other malicious code Quarantine Quarantine Block Label email Quarantine Quarantine Spyware/Grayware Quarantine Quarantine Block Label email Quarantine Quarantine Ransomware Quarantine Quarantine Block Label email Quarantine Quarantine © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base