---
id: active-directory-identity-inventory
title: Set up Active Directory (on-premises) requirements and permissions for use in Identity Inventory
sidebar_label: Set up Active Directory (on-premises) requirements and permissions for use in Identity Inventory
description: Set up Active Directory (on-premises) requirements and permissions for use in Identity Inventory
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Set up Active Directory (on-premises) requirements and permissions for use in Identity Inventory Configure your deployed Service Gateway and Active Directory (On-premises) server and grant the required permissions to sync and analyze your identity data. For Trend Vision One to sync data with your Active Directory (on-premises) server, you must have a deployed Service Gateway with the On-premises Directory Connector installed. To learn more, see Getting started with Service Gateway. Procedure In the Trend Vision One console, go to Workflow and Automation → Third-Party Integration and select Active Directory (On-premises) from the list of available integrations. Enable Active Directory (on-premises) integration. On your Active Directory server, grant read and write permissions to a new Active Directory user to be used to grant Trend Vision One access to your identity data. In the Trend Vision One console, go to Workflow and Automation → Third-Party Integration and select Active Directory (On-premises) from the list of available integrations. Configure data synchronization and user access control settings in Third-Party Integration to begin syncing identity data through your Service Gateway. To grant Trend Vision One permission to receive and analyze identity-related security information, go to the Security Event Forwarding tab and download the Active Directory connector. Install the Active Directory connector on your Active Directory server. In Third-Party Integration, verify the connection status on the Active Directory (On-premises) screen. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base