---
id: active-directory-premises-inventory
title: Active Directory (on-premises)
sidebar_label: Active Directory (on-premises)
description: Active Directory (on-premises)
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Active Directory (on-premises) Gain instant visibility into the identities managed by Active Directory (on-premises). Identity Inventory allows you to review and monitor the identities managed by Active Directory (on-premises). Select Active Directory (on-premises) under DATA SOURCES to view identity summaries and detailed identity information by identity type. The identity information is displayed by domain. Switch to a new domain by selecting the domain name from the drop-down menu under DOMAIN. You can also search for the directories under a domain. The following table details the tabs available for Active Directory (on-premises). Tab Description Overview Displays widgets with information on the status of your connected Active Directory and identity summaries for the domain, including an account summary and a summary for other objects, including groups, group policies, and trusted domains. User Lists the users in your organization and provides information significant to your security posture, including the groups and user account controls. Service Account Lists the service accounts in your organization and provides information significant to your security posture, including the groups, user account controls, and account type. Computer Lists the computers in your organization and provides information significant to your security posture, including the operating system and user account controls. Group Lists the groups in your organization and provides information significant to your security posture, including the group type and scope. Group Policy Lists the group policy in your organization and provides information significant to your security posture, including whether the policy is applied directly to a domain and the linked organizational units. Trust Relationships Lists the trusted domains in your organization and provides information significant to your security posture, including the trust direction and trust attributes. The following table details the common actions available on the tabs except Overview. Action Details Search identities Enter the identity name into the search field to search for specific identities. Filter identities Filter identities by clicking Add filter and setting the criteria. Sort identities Sort identities by clicking a column header. Some column headers may not support sorting. Access detailed profiles Click on an identity in the first column to access detailed profile information for the identity. Export identity information Export information about identities to a .csv file. If you have applied filter criteria, only the identities that have been filtered are exported. Related information Overview User Service Account Computer Group Group Policy Trust Relationships © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base