---
id: activate-product-licenses
title: Activate your Trend Vision One license
sidebar_label: Activate your Trend Vision One license
description: Activate your Trend Vision One license
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Activate your Trend Vision One license Activate your product licenses for Trend Vision One credits and solutions. Note The following instructions are for activating Trend Vision One with Advanced Access, which refers to a console with a complete suite of apps and Trend Vision One credits. If you are using an existing on-premises or SaaS product license to provision Trend Vision One with Essential Access, see the activation instructions for Essential Access instead. Procedure Click the activation link in the email confirming your purchase of a Trend Vision One license. You are redirected to the Trend Vision One License Activation Service. Create a Primary User Account to register your business with Trend Vision One. Important Unless you want to register your business with Trend Micro twice, make sure that you do not meet any of the following conditions before creating a Primary User Account: Your business previously purchased Trend Micro products and already has a Primary User Account (formerly Trend Micro Account). You have a Trend Cloud One account. If so, you can type the sign-in credentials for that account as your Primary User Account in Trend Vision One. Your business previously purchased Trend Micro products and has an account that can sign in to Customer Licensing Portal using a Registration Key. If so, you can sign in to the Trend Vision One License Activation Service using your Customer Licensing Portal account. If you have a Primary User Account, click Sign in, provide your sign-in credentials, and proceed directly to confirming your registration information. If you have a Trend Cloud One or Customer Licensing Portal account, provide your sign-in credentials and follow the steps to assign the account as your new Primary User Account. and sign in. Skip the following steps and proceed directly to confirming your registration information. If your organization has no existing sign-in account for Trend Micro products or you want to create a new account, specify the contact name, email address, and password to assign as the Primary User Account for your business under Account Information. Click Verify Email. Go to your email inbox and copy the verification code sent by Trend Micro. Back in the Trend Vision One License Activation Service, paste the verification code and click Submit to verify your email address. Tip You must verify your email address within three minutes. If you cannot verify your email address in time, click the link to resend the code, or clear your browser cache and start the license activation process from the beginning. Specify the name and region of your business on the Provide your business information screen. Click Complete Registration. The Activate Your Trend Micro Solutions window appears. On the Activate Your Trend Micro Solutions screen, confirm that the displayed information about your registered business and purchased licenses is correct. Click Activate. Your Trend Vision One license is activated, and the Trend Vision One License Activation Service redirects to Trend Vision One. Provision Trend Vision One. Sign in to Trend Vision One with your Primary User Account. Select your data center region. Note This setting is only required the first time you sign in to Trend Vision One. Click Confirm. When Trend Vision One finishes provisioning, you are signed in to the console. Go to Administration → Console Settings to specify your time zone. Note This setting is only required the first time you sign in to Trend Vision One. If you do not specify your time zone, there might be discrepancies related to your Trend Vision One license period. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base