---
id: activeaction
title: ActiveAction
sidebar_label: ActiveAction
description: ActiveAction
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 ActiveAction Different types of virus/malware require different scan actions. Customizing scan actions requires knowledge about virus/malware and can be a tedious task. The Trend Vision One Endpoint Security agent uses ActiveAction to counter these issues. ActiveAction is a set of pre-configured scan actions for viruses/malware. If you are not familiar with scan actions or if you are not sure which scan action is suitable for a certain type of virus/malware, Trend Micro recommends using ActiveAction. Using ActiveAction provides the following benefits: ActiveAction uses scan actions that are recommended by Trend Micro. You do not have to spend time configuring the scan actions. Virus writers constantly change the way virus/malware attack endpoints. ActiveAction settings are updated to protect against the latest threats and the latest methods of virus/malware attacks. The following table illustrates how ActiveAction handles each type of virus/malware. Trend Micro Recommended Scan Actions Against Viruses and Malware Virus/Malware Type Real-time Scan Manual Scan/Scheduled Scan First Action Second Action First Action Second Action CVE exploit Pass N/A N/A N/A Joke Quarantine N/A Quarantine N/A Trojans Quarantine N/A Quarantine N/A Virus Clean Quarantine Clean Quarantine Test virus Deny Access N/A Pass N/A Packer Quarantine N/A Quarantine N/A Others Clean Quarantine Clean Quarantine Probable malware Pass N/A Pass or user-configured action N/A Note For probable virus/malware, the default action is Deny Access during Real-time Scan and Pass during Manual Scan and Scheduled Scan. If these are not your preferred actions, you can change them to Quarantine, Delete, or Rename. Some files are uncleanable. ActiveAction is not available for spyware/grayware scan. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base