---
id: add-vmware-vcenter
title: Add a VMware vCenter to Server & Workload Protection
sidebar_label: Add a VMware vCenter to Server & Workload Protection
description: Add a VMware vCenter to Server & Workload Protection
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Add a VMware vCenter to Server & Workload Protection When a vCenter is added to Server & Workload Protection, virtual machines accessible to the account are imported into Server & Workload Protection and become visible in: Endpoint Security Operations → Server & Workload Protection → Computers → <the_vCenter_Name> → Virtual Machines The benefits of adding a vCenter account (through Endpoint Security Operations → Server & Workload Protection → Computers → Add → Add VMware vCenter) instead of adding individual VMs (through Endpoint Security Operations → Server & Workload Protection → Computers → Add → Add Computer), are: Changes in your vCenter VM inventory are automatically reflected in Server & Workload Protection. For example, if you delete a number of VM instances, those instances disappear automatically from the console. By contrast, if you use Endpoint Security Operations → Server & Workload Protection → Computers → Add → Add Computer, VM instances that you have deleted remain visible in the console until you manually delete them. VMs are organized into vCenter accounts in the console, which lets you easily see which VMs are protected and which are not. Without the vCenter account, all your VMs appear at the same root level under Computers. Note If you want to give permission to Trend Vision One users to add, manage, and remove VMware vCenters, go to Administration → User Roles and either add a new role or edit an existing role with the following permissions: Security Functions → Endpoint Security → Server & Workload Protection → Computer Rights → Advanced Rights → Add, remove, or synchronize VMware vCenters If you are using self-signed certificates, make sure to also grant the following permissions: Security Functions → Endpoint Security → Server & Workload Protection → Other Rights → Certificates both Create and Delete Add a data center gateway A data center gateway enables communication between Server & Workload Protection and your vCenter, allowing Server & Workload Protection to retrieve your virtual machine inventory from the vCenter server. Prior to adding a vCenter Account, a data center gateway has to be deployed and running. The vCenter server hostname and port are required. For more information, see Set up the data center gateway. Add a VMware vCenter Procedure Ensure you've Set up the data center gateway. In the Server & Workload Protection console, go to Endpoint Security Operations → Server & Workload Protection → Computers → Add → Add VMware vCenter. The following page appears: Enter your vCenter information: Server Address: The vCenter server's IP address (or hostname if DNS is configured and able to resolve FQDNs to IP addresses) which must be one of the vCenter servers in the Data Center Gateway allow lists. The connection will be relayed by the data center gateway, therefore the Server Address could be an internal IP address or hostname. Server Port: The port number to connect to the vCenter. By default, it's 443. Name: The name of the vCenter that will appear in the manager. By default, it's vCenter - <Server Address → Description: A description for the vCenter. - Username and Password: Enter the username and password of a vCenter. This account is required to synchronize the VM inventory between vCenter and Server & Workload Protection. Note The vCenter user account must have the vCenter Read Only role (or another role that has equal or greater privileges) at the data center level. Applying the Read Only or Administrator role at the Hosts and Clusters or Virtual Machine level in vCenter causes synchronization problems. Click Next. Accept the vCenter TLS (SSL) certificate. Review the vCenter information and click Finish. A message indicating the VMware vCenter has been successfully is displayed. Click Close. The vCenter will appear on the Computers page. Next steps In a large environment with more than 3000 machines reporting to a vCenter Server, this process may take 20 to 30 minutes to complete. You can check the vCenter's Recent Task section to verify if there are activities running. Note During the sync process, a 504 gateway timeout error might appear. Please ignore the error as the sync job is continuing to run in the background. Server & Workload Protection will maintain real-time synchronization with this VMware vCenter to keep the information displayed in Server & Workload Protection (number of VMs, their status, etc.) up to date. Protect workloads in VMware VMware workloads managed by Server & Workload Protection are protected by an agent. For more information about how to deploy and manage agents in Server & Workload Protection, see Install the agent. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base