---
id: add-365-outbound-connectors
title: Adding Microsoft 365 outbound connectors
sidebar_label: Adding Microsoft 365 outbound connectors
description: Adding Microsoft 365 outbound connectors
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Adding Microsoft 365 outbound connectors Before you begin To configure outbound connectors, ensure that you have an Microsoft 365 administrator account. Some organizations use Microsoft 365 to remotely host their email architecture, allowing Microsoft to manage the day-to-day aspects of maintaining their email servers. Cloud Email Gateway Protection integrates with Microsoft 365 to provide additional security and benefits. Configure Microsoft 365 connectors to allow email traffic to and from Cloud Email Gateway Protection MTAs. Important Consult the Microsoft 365 help for information about adding connectors. Some Microsoft 365 plans do not offer connectors. Configure mail flow using connectors in Exchange Online Procedure Log on to your Microsoft 365 administration center. In the navigation on the left, go to Admin → Admin centers → Exchange The Exchange admin center screen appears. In the navigation on the left, go to mail flow, and then click connectors in the top navigation. Do the following to add an Outbound Connector to Microsoft 365: Note By adding an outbound connector, you can configure Microsoft 365 to relay outbound mail to Cloud Email Gateway Protection for filtering and delivery to recipients outside of your Microsoft 365 managed domain. Click the plus (+) icon. A new connector configuration screen appears. In the From field, select Microsoft 365. In the To field, select Partner organization. Click Next. In the Name field, type a descriptive name for the connector. For example, type Cloud Email Gateway Protection (Outbound). Select the Turn it on check box. Click Next. Select Only when I have a transport rule set up that redirects messages to this connector, and then click Next. Select Route email through these smart hosts, click the plus (+) icon, and then add the following host to the list: <company_identifier>.relay.<domain_name> Note In the preceding information, replace <company_identifier> and <domain_name> with actual values. The value of <domain_name> varies according to your location: North America, Latin America and Asia Pacific: tmes.trendmicro.com Europe and Africa: tmes.trendmicro.eu Australia and New Zealand: tmes-anz.trendmicro.com Japan: tmems-jp.trendmicro.com Singapore: tmes-sg.trendmicro.com India: tmes-in.trendmicro.com Middle East (UAE): tmes-uae.trendmicro.com Click Next. Keep the default settings on the screen that appears, and click Next. The New connector confirmation screen appears, displaying all the settings that you have configured. Click Next. Add an email address to the field provided, and then click Validate. After the validation process completes, the Validation Result screen displays. Click Save. Add an email flow rule to use the outbound connector you created. In the navigation on the left, go to mail flow, and then click rules in the top navigation. Click the plus (+) icon and click Create a new rule. In the Name field, type a name for the rule, for example, Trend Micro Email Security (Outbound). Under Apply this rule if..., select The recipient is located and then Outside the organization and click OK. Click More Options at the bottom to show more settings. Under Do the following..., select Redirect the message to and then the following connector and choose the outbound connector you created for message redirection. Configure the remaining fields if necessary; otherwise, keep the default settings for them. Click Save. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base