---
id: add-computers
title: Add Computers
sidebar_label: Add Computers
description: Add Computers
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Add Computers You can use the API to add computers to Server & Workload Protection as part of the process of protecting new assets. Tip Before using the API, consider using the following types of scheduled tasks to automatically discover and add computers: Discover Computers Synchronize Cloud Account Synchronize Directory Synchronize VMware vCenter For more information, see Maintain Protection Using Scheduled Tasks or Schedule Server & Workload Protection to perform tasks. Use the following general procedure to add a computer: Procedure Create a Computer object and set the hostname. The hostname is the only required property. The value must be the hostname or IP address that resolves to the computer. computer = api.Computer() computer.host_name = hostname Configure any other properties as you desire. See the Create a Computer operation in the API Reference for the available properties. Create a ComputersApi object and use it to create the computer on Server & Workload Protection. computers_api = api.ComputersApi(api.ApiClient(configuration)) new_computer = computers_api.create_computer(computer, api_version) To see the properties that you can configure, see the Create a Computer operation in the API Reference. Tip You can also use the Server & Workload Protection console to create a task that automatically configures computers when they are added. See Automatically perform tasks when a computer is added or changed. Tip You can use the legacy REST API to enable the relay on a computer that is running an activated agent. The Deep Security Git repository contains scripts that accomplish this task: Bash Powershell For background information, see Distribute security and software updates with relays. Next steps View source # Create the computer object computer = api.Computer() computer.host_name = hostname # Add the computer to Server & Workload Protection computers_api = api.ComputersApi(api.ApiClient(configuration)) new_computer = computers_api.create_computer(computer, api_version) return new_computer.id © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base