---
id: add-google-cloud-platform-connector
title: Add a Google Cloud Platform Connector
sidebar_label: Add a Google Cloud Platform Connector
description: Add a Google Cloud Platform Connector
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Add a Google Cloud Platform Connector You can use the SDK to add a Google Cloud Platform (GCP) connector and sync virtual machines (VMs) from GCP to Server & Workload Protection. For an overview, see Create a Google Cloud Platform service account. Prerequisite: You must prepare a GCP service account for use with Server & Workload Protection. Use the following procedure to add a GCP connector: Procedure Create a GcpConnector object and set the name and service account. The name and service account are required properties. The length of the name cannot exceed 255 characters. Create a GcpConnectorsApi object and use it to create the GcpConnector on Server & Workload Protection. Next steps To see the properties that you can configure, see the Create a Computer operation in the API Reference. View source def create_gcp_connector(api, configuration, api_version, api_exception, name, service_account): api_instance = api.GCPConnectorsApi(api.ApiClient(configuration)) gcp_connector = api.GCPConnector() gcp_connector.name = name gcp_connector.service_account = service_account api_response = api_instance.create_gcp_connector(gcp_connector, api_version) return api_response Submit a Sync Action for a GCP Connector After you create a GCP connector successfully, you can indicate to the GCP connector to trigger a sync. Use the following high-level procedure to submit a sync action: Procedure Create anAction object and set the type to "synchronize". The type is a required property. Create aGcpConnectorActionsApi object and use it to submit an action by a specific GCP connector ID to Server & Workload Protection. Next steps View source def create_gcp_connector_action(api, configuration, api_version, api_exception, gcp_connector_id): api_instance = api.GCPConnectorActionsApi(api.ApiClient(configuration)) gcp_connector_action = api.Action() gcp_connector_action.type = "synchronize" api_response = api_instance.create_gcp_connector_action(gcp_connector_id, gcp_connector_action, api_version) return api_response © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base