---
id: adding-or-editing-custom-templates
title: Adding or Editing Custom Templates
sidebar_label: Adding or Editing Custom Templates
description: Adding or Editing Custom Templates
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Adding or Editing Custom Templates You can create custom templates to generate company-specific reports in multiple formats. Procedure Go to Detections → Reports → Custom Templates. The Custom Templates screen appears. Add, edit, or copy a template. To add a new template, click Add. The Add Report Template screen appears. To edit an existing template, click the Name of the template. The Edit Report Template screen appears. To make a copy of an existing template to use as the basis for a new template: Select the check box to the left of the Name of the template you want to use. Click Copy. Trend Micro Apex Central adds a new template to the list using the following naming: Copy of <original_template_name> Click the newly added template Name. The Edit Report Template screen appears. Specify a unique Name for the template. (Optional) Provide a Description for the new template. Using the Working Panel, drag and drop report elements into the available row to design the section layout of your report. Important Each row only supports 3 report elements. Tip If the Working Panel does not appear, click the Show working panel button beside Template Content. Report Elements Template Element Description Static text Provides a container for user-defined content Note Static text content can contain up to 4096 characters. For more information, see Configuring the Static Text Report Element. Bar chart Inserts a customizable bar chart object For more information, see Configuring the Bar Chart Report Element. Line chart Inserts a customizable line graph object For more information, see Configuring the Line Chart Report Element. Pie chart Inserts a customizable pie chart object For more information, see Configuring the Pie Chart Report Element. Dynamic table Inserts a customizable dynamic table / pivot table object The information in a dynamic table compares exactly two data fields either horizontally or vertically. For more information, see Configuring the Dynamic Table Report Element. Grid table Inserts a customizable table object The information in a grid table will be the same as the information that displays in a log query. For more information, see Configuring the Grid Table Report Element. Organize the layout of rows and pages in your report using the Insert page break above, Insert row above, Insert row below, and Delete this row buttons. Note Report elements added to the same row appear side-by-side in the order you added the elements to the template. This allows you to display multiple charts on the same line. If you want to display multiple charts on different lines within the same page, insert new rows but do not insert a page break. Custom report template setup to display static text above a bar chart Click Save. Related information Configuring the Static Text Report Element Configuring the Bar Chart Report Element Configuring the Line Chart Report Element Configuring the Pie Chart Report Element Configuring the Dynamic Table Report Element Configuring the Grid Table Report Element © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base