---
id: adding-saml-group-account-ad-onprem
title: Adding a SAML Group Account for Active Directory (on-premises)
sidebar_label: Adding a SAML Group Account for Active Directory (on-premises)
description: Adding a SAML Group Account for Active Directory (on-premises)
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Adding a SAML Group Account for Active Directory (on-premises) Invite all users in an Active Directory (on-premises) group to sign in to the Trend Vision One console using their identities in the IdP solution. Procedure Make sure that Active Directory Federation Services is configured in Administration → Identity Providers to set up SSO authentication between Active Directory (on-premises) and Trend Vision One. For details, see Configure Active Directory Federation Services. Make sure that you have set up connection with Active Directory (on-premises) in Workflow and Automation → Third-Party Integration to synchronize group data from the identity provider. For details, see Active Directory (on-premises) integration. Go to Administration → User Accounts. Click Add User Account. Select SAML Group. Select Active Directory (on-premises) from the Identity provider drop-down list box. Enter the email address of a group in Active Directory (on-premises). Enter the name of the group. Select a Trend Vision One role to assign to the users in the group. To create a custom user role, click Create a custom role in User Roles. For more information, see User Roles. Note Creating a custom role leaves the current screen and discards all changes made in the screen. Add some description about the SAML group. Click Add. The group and its members appear in the User Accounts list. Make sure that group users verify their email addresses. Users who need to verify their email addresses have an email sent icon () in the Status column. Note Users must verify their email addresses to be able to sign in to Trend Vision One. The verification link expires after 24 hours. If the verification link expires, any account with the Configure account settings permission can resend the verification email. If one or more of your domains have been verified using Domain Verification, all SAML users or user group members under a verified domain can be added directly without the need to verify email addresses. (Optional) When editing an account, enable or disable the account by clicking the toggle in the Status column. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base