---
id: adding-alibaba-cloud-account
title: Adding an Alibaba Cloud account
sidebar_label: Adding an Alibaba Cloud account
description: Adding an Alibaba Cloud account
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Adding an Alibaba Cloud account Add and connect an Alibaba Cloud account to the Cloud Accounts app to allow Trend Vision One to provide security for your cloud assets. Adding an Alibaba Cloud account to the Cloud Accounts app allows Trend Vision One to access your cloud service to provide security and visibility into your cloud assets. Important The steps are valid as of November 2024. Procedure Sign in to the Trend Vision One console. In a new tab in the same browser session, sign in to the Alibaba Cloud account you want to connect and access the Cloud Shell. In the Trend Vision One console, go to Cloud Security → Cloud Accounts → Alibaba Cloud. Click Add Account. The Add Alibaba Cloud Account screen appears. Specify a Name for the account which appears in the Cloud Accounts list. Specify a Description to help identify the purpose of the connection. Select the Region for resource deployment. Important You must deploy the Terraform script to the region you selected. Deploying to a different region might cause the connection to fail. If you have more than one Server & Workload Protection Manager instance, select the instance to associate with the connected account. Note If you only have one Server & Workload Protection Manager instance, the account is automatically associated with that instance. Click Next. Click Download and Review Template to download the template package. The package name is cloud-account-management-terraform-package-[number].zip where the [number] element is a randomly generated number. The randomly generated number ensures the Terraform template is extracted to a unique folder with no other Terraform files. In your Alibaba Cloud Shell, upload the Terraform package. Note The Add Alibaba Cloud Account screen in the Trend Vision One console provides a set of commands to help complete the following steps. To complete the connection process, you must copy each command provided in the screen to enable the Done button. Access the command line interface and extract the template package. Copy the command or type unzip cloud-account-management-terraform-package-[number].zip. If you are manually typing the command, make sure [number] matches the file name of the package you downloaded. Access the extracted folder. Copy the command or type cd cloud-account-management-terraform-package-[number].zip. If this is your first time connecting an account in the selected region, run the back-end script. Copy the command or type bash script.sh create_backend. Run the deployment script. Copy the command or type bash script.sh install. Important The resource creation script must be the only terraform file in the directory. Having more than one terraform file in the folder interferes with deployment process and might cause the connection to fail. In the Trend Vision One console, in the Connect Alibaba Cloud Account screen, click Done. Note If the Done button is not enabled, make sure you have copied the command line for each step on the screen. The connection process might take a few moments to complete. Refresh the Cloud Accounts screen to check the status of your added account. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base