---
id: adding-or-editing-digest-template
title: Adding or editing a digest template
sidebar_label: Adding or editing a digest template
description: Adding or editing a digest template
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Adding or editing a digest template You can create digest templates to define the format and content of notification email messages that end users receive. Procedure Go to Quarantine → Digest Settings. Click the Digest Templates tab. Click Add or click the name of an existing template. In the General Information section, specify the template name and description. In the Digest Notification Template section, configure the following: Note The digest notification template is available either in HTML or plain text versions. Each version of the template can incorporate tokens to customize output for digest recipients. You can right-click any of the following fields to display a list of available and selectable tokens for the field. From: Specify the email address that displays as the sender of the digest notification. From field digest tokens Token Content in Sent Digest Notifications %DIGEST_RCPT% Digest recipient's email address appears in the From field of the received digest notification Subject: Specify the subject line for the digest notification. Subject field digest tokens Token Content in Sent Digest Notifications %DIGEST_RCPT% Digest recipient's email address appears in the subject line %DIGEST_DATE% Digest date appears in the subject line HTML: Specify if Inline actions should be Enabled or Disabled using the toggle button to the right of Inline actions. Select the language you want to use for inline actions from the Language drop-down list. Customize the inline actions that digest recipients can take in the digest notifications. The following inline actions are available for your customization and the first three ones are selected by default: Deliver Deliver & Approve Sender Block Sender Approve Sender Domain Block Sender Domain Preview Specify the HTML content of the digest notification if the email client accepts HTML messages. HTML field digest tokens Token Content in Sent Digest Notifications %DIGEST_RCPT% Digest recipient's email address appears in the HTML body %DIGEST_DATE% Digest date appears in the HTML body %DIGEST_BODY_HTML% Digest summary in HTML table format appears in the HTML body %DIGEST_PAGE_COUNT% Total number of quarantined messages listed in the digest summary (up to 100) appears in the HTML body %DIGEST_TOTAL_COUNT% Total number of new found messages in quarantine appears in the HTML body %EUC_HOST_SERVER% Web address of Cloud Email Gateway Protection End User Console appears in the HTML body Plain text: Specify the plain text content of the digest notification if the email client only accepts plain text messages. Plain text field digest tokens Token Content in Sent Digest Notifications %DIGEST_RCPT% Digest recipient's email address appears in the text body %DIGEST_DATE% Digest date appears in the text body %DIGEST_BODY_TEXT% Digest summary in plain text format appears in the text body %DIGEST_PAGE_COUNT% Total number of quarantined messages listed in the digest summary (up to 100) appears in the plain text body %DIGEST_TOTAL_COUNT% Total number of new found messages in quarantine appears in the plain text body %EUC_HOST_SERVER% Web address of Cloud Email Gateway Protection End User Console appears in the plain text body In the Test Digest Mail section, specify the intended digest recipient and click Test to test digest notification delivery. The digest recipient receives a notification message. The sender, subject and content of the notification and the available inline actions match the configured settings. Click Save. The newly added or edited template displays on the Digest Templates screen. You can further copy and delete the template if necessary. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base