---
id: adding-or-editing-digest-rule
title: Adding or editing a digest rule
sidebar_label: Adding or editing a digest rule
description: Adding or editing a digest rule
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Adding or editing a digest rule You can customize digest rules for different recipients. If there are multiple digest rules, you can set or adjust the priority to apply each rule. Procedure Go to Quarantine → Digest Settings. Click the Digest Rules tab. Click Add or click the name of an existing digest rule. In the General Information section, do the following: Click the Status toggle button to enable the current digest rule. Type the rule name and description. In the Recipients section, select the recipients for digest notifications: All recipients: This option only applies to the default digest rule. All users of your managed domains will receive digest notifications. Specified recipients: This option enables you to choose users from both your LDAP groups and managed domains and add all of them as intended recipients. In the Schedule section, select the frequency to send digest notifications: Daily: Specify the exact time to send the digest notifications. Use the add and the remove buttons to manage additional entries. Weekly: Specify the days of the week and time of the day to send the digest notifications. Note The time zone of Trend Vision One is used. In the Template section, select the digest template that you want to use for the current digest rule. Click Save. The newly added or edited digest rule displays on the Digest Rules screen. You can further change the rule status, set the rule priority, copy and delete the rule. Note If the recipient scope for different digest rules conflicts with each other, a red exclamation mark icon will be shown next to the recipients of each digest rule. Hover over the icon to view the current recipients, conflict rules and conflict recipients. Digest notifications are sent to the conflict recipients according to the rule with the higher priority. The smaller the priority number, the higher the priority. The following table is an example for your reference. Digest Rule Priority Recipients Rule1 1 domain1.com Rule2 2 domain2.com; usergroup1 If Rule1 and Rule2 are both enabled and usergroup1 contains some recipients in domain1.com, this means the two rules have a recipient conflict. In this case, Cloud Email Gateway Protection applies Rule1 that has the higher priority to send digest notifications to the conflict recipients. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base