---
id: adding-custom-cloud-app-category
title: Adding a custom cloud app category
sidebar_label: Adding a custom cloud app category
description: Adding a custom cloud app category
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Adding a custom cloud app category Select a group of cloud apps provided by Cloud Reputation Services to create a new category for your security environment needs. Procedure On the Secure Access Resources screen, click the Custom Cloud App Categories tab and then click Add. The Add Custom Cloud App Category screen appears. On the Secure Access Resources screen, click the Custom Cloud App Categories tab and then click Add. The Custom Cloud App Categories screen appears. Specify a unique name and a description for the category. The category name appears in the available custom cloud app categories list when you configure internet access rules. On the Available Cloud Apps tab, use the following drop-down menus to filter the list and use the Cloud app name field to search for the cloud apps to add to the category. Filter Description Category An application's category Cloud Reputation Services assigns the category based on the function and usage of the app. Risk level An application's risk level Cloud Reputation Services assigns a default risk level to each cloud app. Sanctioned An application's sanctioned status Cloud Reputation Services sets all cloud apps to unsanctioned by default. The following icons indicate the sanction status. : Sanctioned : Unsanctioned To change the risk level of a cloud app, hover over the app, click the gear icon that appears, and then select a target risk level. To change the app status of a cloud app, hover over the app, click the gear icon that appears, and then select Sanctioned or Unsanctioned. You can also change the risk level and app status via the Cloud App Profile Assessment in Threat and Exposure Management. Clicking the profile icon () opens the Threat and Exposure Management app. Note You must enable Cyber Risk Exposure Management to access the Threat and Exposure Management and the Dashboards. For more information, see Credit requirements for Trend Vision One solutions, capabilities, and features. Select the desired cloud apps and click Move to Selected. The cloud apps are moved to the Selected Cloud Apps tab. Note A maximum of 200 cloud apps for one custom category is supported. On the Selected Cloud Apps tab, review the added cloud apps. To remove any of the cloud apps from the category, select the apps and click Remove from Selected. Click Save. The custom category is created successfully and appears in the list on the Custom Cloud App Categories screen. Note A maximum of 200 custom cloud app categories is supported. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base