---
id: adding-google-cloud-project
title: Adding a Google Cloud project
sidebar_label: Adding a Google Cloud project
description: Adding a Google Cloud project
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Adding a Google Cloud project Add and connect a Google Cloud (GCP) project to the Cloud Accounts app to allow Trend Vision One to provide security for your cloud assets. Adding a Google Cloud (formerly Google Cloud Platform) project to the Cloud Accounts app allows Trend Vision One to access your cloud service to provide security and visibility into your cloud assets. Before you begin, review the permission requirements for connecting a Google Cloud project to Cloud Accounts. Important If you have access to the Agentless Vulnerability and Threat Detection feature for Google Cloud, see Adding a Google Cloud project (January 2025 update) to connect your project. The steps are valid as of March 2024. Procedure Sign in to the Trend Vision One console. In a new tab in the same browser session, sign in to the Google Cloud project you want to connect and access the Cloud Shell. In the Trend Vision One console, go to Cloud Security → Cloud Accounts → Google Cloud. Click Add Project. The Connect Google Cloud Project screen appears. Specify a Name for the project which appears in the Cloud Accounts list. Specify a Description to help identify the purpose of the connection. Click Download Resource Creation Script. In Google Cloud Shell, access the command line interface. Note The Connect Google Cloud Project screen in the Trend Vision One console provides a set of commands to help complete the following steps. To complete the connection process, you must copy each command provided in the screen to enable the Done button. Access the project you want to connect. Copy the command or type gcloud config set project [project ID] where [project ID] is the Project ID you want to connect. Create a new directory for the deployment folder within the project you want to connect, then access the folder. Copy the command or type mkdir [Project ID] && cd [Project ID]. Note Trend Micro recommends using the Project ID as the name for the deployment folder. While you can specify any directory name you want, you must ensure the folder has a unique name and that there are no other terraform files in the deployment folder. Upload the resource creation script to your Google Cloud Shell. Google Cloud Shell uploads the resource creation script to the root directory. Move the resource creation script to the deployment folder. Copy the command or type mv ~/cloud-account-management-terraform-gcp.tf ./cloud-account-management-terraform-gcp.tf. Important The resource creation script must be the only terraform file in the directory. Having more than one terraform file in the folder interferes with deployment process and might cause the connection to fail. Initiate Terraform and apply the resource creation script. Copy the command or type terraform init && terraform apply. Google Cloud Shell begins the terraform process to deploy Trend Vision One security resources. In the Trend Vision One console, in the Connect Google Cloud Project screen, click Done. Note If the Done button is not enabled, make sure you have copied the command line for each step on the screen. The connection process might take a few moments to complete. You can refresh the Cloud Accounts screen to check the status of your added project. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base