---
id: advanced-search-categories-apex
title: Advanced Search Categories
sidebar_label: Advanced Search Categories
description: Advanced Search Categories
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Advanced Search Categories During an Advanced Search, use the following search criteria options for Users and Endpoints. User Categories Category Description User name The account name of local users or people belonging to an Active Directory structure Direct manager The account name of the person who users are assigned to report to Location in Active Directory The organization unit from which to begin your search Department The name of the department in your company that groups users based on their function (for example, Accounting) or other criteria Active Directory group A collection of Active Directory user and computer accounts, contacts and other groups that can be managed as a single unit Threat type Select a security threat type from the third drop-down list Security threat Search for a specific security threat by typing a malware name, URL, IP address, or sender email address Threat status The remediation status indicated by the flag icon in the first column on the Security Threats screen: Resolved by product, Action required, Resolved manually For more information, see Security Threats for Users. Importance The assigned importance level Note You cannot save advanced search filters that contain important users/endpoints. For more information, see User or Endpoint Importance. Active Directory site The site name synchronized from the Active Directory For more information, see Endpoint and User Grouping. Reporting line The display name for the reporting line synchronized from the Active Directory For more information, see Endpoint and User Grouping. Endpoint Categories Category Description Endpoint name The host or device name of the endpoint IP address The IPv4 address range Note Searching by IPv4 segment requires a specific range starting with the first octet. The search returns all endpoints with IP addresses containing the entry. Endpoint type The type of computer or device: server, desktop, laptop, mobile device, or other Operating system The type of operating system on the endpoint Location in Active Directory The organization unit from which to begin your search Threat type Select a security threat type from the third drop-down list Security threat Search for a specific security threat by typing a malware name, URL, IP address, or sender email address Threat status The remediation status indicated by the flag icon in the first column on the Security Threats screen: Resolved by product, Action required, Resolved manually For more information, see Security Threats on Endpoints. Compliance The antivirus pattern compliance or Data Loss Prevention compliance status For more information, see Compliance Indicators. Importance The assigned importance level Note You cannot save advanced search filters that contain important users/endpoints. For more information, see User or Endpoint Importance. Active Directory site The site name synchronized from the Active Directory For more information, see Endpoint and User Grouping. Reporting line The display name for the reporting line synchronized from the Active Directory For more information, see Endpoint and User Grouping. Installation mode The Trend Vision One Endpoint Security agent installation mode Apex One domain hierarchy The location of the endpoint within the Apex One domain hierarchy Services The Trend Vision One Endpoint Security agent service For more information, see the Trend Vision One Widget and Policy Management Guide. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base