---
id: agent-resource-monitoring
title: Agent Resource Monitoring
sidebar_label: Agent Resource Monitoring
description: Agent Resource Monitoring
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Agent Resource Monitoring Get an overview of how your deployed Trend Vision One Endpoint Security agents impact the system performance of your endpoints. Important Agent Resource Monitoring is a "Pre-release" feature and is not considered an official release. Please review the Pre-Release Disclaimer before using the feature. This feature is not available in all regions. Agent Resource Monitoring currently only supports Trend Vision One Endpoint Security agents with Server & Workload Protection version 202503 (feature version 20.0.2-4960) or later. Agent Resource Monitoring requires enabling IoT Traffic in the Server & Workload Protection Manager. To learn how to enable IoT Traffic, contact your support provider. Agent Resource Monitoring provides both a top-level overview of how Trend Vision One Endpoint Security agents impact performance in your environment and individualized details for each of your managed endpoints. You can use this information to help tailor security settings to your performance needs or quickly identify abnormal system behavior and diagnose issues. Figure 1 shows the different sections of Agent Resource Monitoring. Figure 1 - Agent Resource Monitoring Overview Agent Resource Overview: This section provides a quick glance of how much CPU and Memory resources agents are using across your environment. The CPU and Memory summary show the (a) calculated average resource usage of your agents across your environment for the past hour, and (b) how usage has trended, whether increasing or decreasing, over the past 7 days. See figure 2. Figure 2 - CPU and memory overview The Security Process overview provides the average resource usage of individual agent modules across your environment for the past hour. Security Processes Module Description Processes Anti-Malware Scan Includes the processes used to run anti-malware scans Linux: ds_am Windows: coreServiceShell.exe Server & Workload Protection Includes the processes and services used by the main endpoint protection module. Linux: ds_agent Windows: dsa.exe Server & Workload Protection Connect Includes the processes and services used to connect to Trend Micro services. Linux: dsa-connect Windows: dsa-connect.exe Net Module Includes the processes and services used by network monitoring features. Linux: tm_netagent Windows: tm_netagent.exe Note The averages calculated for CPU and memory are calculated by finding the median total usage of each agent over the past hour and averaging across all managed endpoints. Each module contains a number of processes and services which utilize CPU and memory resources on the endpoint. For more information about agent process for Server & Workload Protection, see the Success Portal. The usage graph provides a visual representation of average resource usage across your environment. You can choose to view usage over the past seven days or 24 hours. Memory usage is measured in Megabytes. The endpoint list displays the managed endpoints in your environment and the median CPU and memory usage for the past hour. You can filter the list or search for specific endpoints. Clicking an endpoint name opens the detailed resource view for that endpoint (see Figure 3). Note Filtering by Security Process only shows endpoints with non-zero resource usage for that process. For example, if you select Anti-malware scan, agents with the feature disabled do not appear in the list. Figure 3 - Endpoint Detailed Resource View The detailed resource view allows you to look at how agents are impacting the performance of individual endpoints. The endpoint details provide a quick summary of information including the endpoint name, operating system, and last check-in. Click the link to view more details in Endpoint Inventory. The resource overview provides the median memory and CPU usage for the past hour and the usage trend for the past seven days. Additionally, you can view the resource usage of each security process over the past hour. The usage graph provides a visual representation of resource usage. You can choose to view usage over the past seven days or 24 hours. The Top 10 Anti-malware scanned files and paths provides a list of the most frequently scanned files, processes, and folders on the endpoint. You can filter the list by object type. Note If Anti-malware Scan is not enabled on the endpoint, no data appears in the list. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base