---
id: agent-control-settings
title: Agent Control Settings
sidebar_label: Agent Control Settings
description: Agent Control Settings
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Agent Control Settings Procedure Select Global Agent Settings. Click the Agent Control tab. Configure settings as required. Section Settings General Settings Add Manual Scan to the Windows shortcut menu on endpoints: Displays the Scan menu item to the Trend Vision One Endpoint Security agents shortcut menu Alert Settings Show the alert icon on the Windows taskbar if the virus pattern file is not updated after XX day(s): Displays an alert icon on the Windows taskbar to remind users to update an outdated Virus Pattern after the specified number of days Display a notification message if the endpoint needs to restart to load a kernel mode driver: Displays a notification on the endpoint indicating that a restart is required to finish installing a hotfix or upgrade package that contains a new kernel mode driver Agent Language Configuration You can configure all Trend Vision One Endpoint Security agents to display using the Trend Vision One server language settings or the locally logged on user language settings. Local language settings on the endpoint: The Trend Vision One Endpoint Security agent displays using the language settings of the logged on user. Note If the Trend Vision One Endpoint Security agent does not support the logged on user language settings, the agent applies the Trend Vision One server language. If the endpoint does not support the Trend Vision One server language, English displays. Apex One server language: The Trend Vision One Endpoint Security agent displays using the Trend Vision One server language. Note If the endpoint does not support the Trend Vision One server language, English displays. Click Save. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base