---
id: ai-content-inspection
title: AI content inspection rules
sidebar_label: AI content inspection rules
description: AI content inspection rules
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 AI content inspection rules Create AI content inspection rules from templates to apply to AI service access rules. AI Service Access provides content inspection rules to make it easier to track sensitive data and identify inappropriate response content. The following table outlines the actions available on the AI Content Inspection tab (Zero Trust Secure Access → Secure Access Resources → AI Content Inspection). Action Description Add an AI content inspection rule Click Add and follow the instructions to add an AI content inspection rule. Check AI content inspection rule details View the basic information about an AI content inspection rule, including the selected predefined or customized AI content inspection templates and the number of secure access rules that are using the rule. Configure an AI content inspection rule Click to change the basic information about an AI content inspection rule. Click to duplicate an AI content inspection rule. This provides a convenient way of adding a new AI content inspection rule with settings similar to an existing rule. Click to delete an AI content inspection rule from Trend Vision One. To delete more than one AI content inspection rule, select the rules and click Delete in the upper left. Note Only an AI content inspection rule that is not in use by any secure access rule can be deleted. Manage AI content inspection templates Click the gear icon next to Available templates when creating or editing an AI content inspection rule to view predefined AI content inspection templates or create your own AI content inspection templates using predefined or custom data identifiers. Manage data identifiers Click Manage Data Identifiers when creating or editing an AI content inspection template to define digital assets, including files and data, of your organization to protect against unauthorized transmission. For more information, see Data identifier types. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base