---
id: alibaba-cloud-accounts
title: Alibaba Cloud accounts
sidebar_label: Alibaba Cloud accounts
description: Alibaba Cloud accounts
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Alibaba Cloud accounts Manage connections with your Alibaba Cloud accounts to allow Trend Vision One visibility into your cloud environment. Note Alibaba Cloud is the proper name for the collection of cloud services provided by Alibaba Group colloquially known as AliCloud or Aliyun. The documentation for Trend Vision One Cloud Accounts only uses the term Alibaba Cloud for this service. The Alibaba Cloud screen allows you to view connected Alibaba Cloud accounts and manage connections within the Cloud Accounts app. You can access the Alibaba Cloud screen on the Trend Vision One console by navigating to Cloud Security → Cloud Accounts and clicking on the Alibaba Cloud tab. The following table details the actions you can take from the Alibaba Cloud screen. Action Description Add an Alibaba Cloud account Add and connect a Alibaba Cloud account to Cloud Accounts Click Add Account to connect an Alibaba Cloud account. Remove accounts Remove and disconnect Alibaba Cloud accounts from Cloud Accounts Select one or more accounts and click Remove. Note Removing an account from Cloud Accounts does not delete the Trend Vision One resource from your Alibaba Cloud account. Access the account in Alibaba Cloud Shell, then copy and run the delete resource command within the resource deployment folder to delete the resource from your project. Manage account settings Configure settings for your connected accounts Click on an account name to view and edit the settings or update the terraform package. For more information, see Alibaba Cloud Account Settings. Note Updates to the resource template are not applied automatically when released. You must update the terraform package to apply the latest security settings and resource template. Fix account status issues Use the available actions to address different account statuses Clicking the action opens the project settings screen. Update resource creation script: The account settings in Trend Vision One are not in sync with the deployed resource. This may occur if there was a recent update, or if the terraform script was not run on your project. Update the terraform resource to fix the issue. Reconnect: An issue is preventing Trend Vision One from connecting or deploying to your account. Verify the account information is correct and update the terraform resource to reconnect your account. Related information Connecting Alibaba Cloud accounts Alibaba Cloud Account Settings Alibaba Cloud features and permissions Alibaba Cloud supported regions and limitations © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base