---
id: allow
title: Allow Security Awareness in Cloud Email Gateway Protection
sidebar_label: Allow Security Awareness in Cloud Email Gateway Protection
description: Allow Security Awareness in Cloud Email Gateway Protection
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Allow Security Awareness in Cloud Email Gateway Protection Add Security Awareness Training to the allow list in Cloud Email Gateway Protection to allow all incoming emails from Security Awareness Training features. For users of Cloud Email Gateway Protection, you must allow all incoming emails from Security Awareness to ensure campaign emails reach your recipients. Procedure In the Trend Vision One console, go to Cyber Risk Exposure Management → Security Awareness and choose either Phishing Simulations or Training Campaigns. Click the settings icon () to open Settings. In Allow List Settings, find the required allow list information for Cloud Email Gateway Protection. Copy the following information: Sending domains Sending IP addresses Allow phishing simulations to bypass scans in Cloud Email Gateway Protection. Go to Email and Collaboration Security → Cloud Email Gateway Protection and click Administration. Go to Service Integration. Enable Bypass scans for Trend Micro phishing simulations. Allow the sending domains in Cloud Email Gateway Protection. In Email and Collaboration Security → Cloud Email Gateway Protection, go to Inbound Protection → Domain-based Authentication and click SPF. If SPF is enabled, click the default Sender Policy Framework (SPF) rule. Under Ignored Peers, add the domains trendmicro.com and mailrelaysrv to ensure simulation emails pass SPF checks. Go to Spam Filtering → Spam Policy and click your organization's spam or phish rule. In Recipients and Senders, set the sender to Type address or domain and type *@mailrelaysrv.com. Set the recipient to My Organization. Click Add and then Submit. Repeat steps e through g for your organization's newsletter or spam-like rule if necessary. Go to Email and Collaboration Security → Cloud Email Gateway Protection and click Administration. Go to Web Reputation Approved List Specify the sending domain copied from the settings in Security Awareness. Add the sending IP addresses to Cloud Email Gateway Protection. In Email and Collaboration Security → Cloud Email Gateway Protection, go to Inbound Protection and click IP Reputation. Click Add. Specify the sending IP address copied from the settings in Security Awareness. Type a description for the IP address. Click Save. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base