---
id: amazon-sns-communication
title: Amazon SNS communication
sidebar_label: Amazon SNS communication
description: Amazon SNS communication
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Amazon SNS communication Set up an Amazon SNS channel Click on Create an Amazon SNS channel Set automatic notifications Set manual notifications Enter the Channel Name Note The field is limited to 20 characters Configure Triggers Configure now requires a two-step process Input SNS Topic ARN Follow the instructions of Setup access Copy communication settings SNS Notification Attributes failureDiscoveryDate : the date of failure discovery. A failure can be discovered either when the check was originally created or when a check status was updated from SUCCESS to FAILURE. Example: if a check is created today, "Failure discovery date" is set to today. If a check exists and was successful, but changed to a failure today, "Failure discovery date" is set to today. lastUpdatedDate : the timestamp of the last time Cloud Risk Management Scan or RTPM updated any attribute of the check. lastStatusUpdateDate : the timestamp of the last time Cloud Risk Management Scan or RTPM updated status attribute of the check. For new checks, this field is set to the creation date. lastModifiedBy : AWS Identity of the user that caused an event that RTPM picked up and either created a new check in FAILURE status or updated an existing check with SUCCESS to FAILURE. lastModifiedDate: the timestamp of when lastModifiedBy is set. FAQs **We currently have a python Slackbot that can alert each user directly. Does Cloud Risk Management have a way to send alerts as SQS message so that it can be picked up by our Slackbot?**Yes, follow the steps below: Set up an Amazon SNS channel Subscribe to SNS and add SQS endpoint **Can integration be built into Atlassian OpsGenie?**OpsGenie has a native SNS integration. Therefore, notifications created in SNS will automatically be created in OpsGenie through the integration. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base