---
id: android-compliance-policy-dedicated
title: Android compliance policy criteria (company-owned, fully managed, and dedicated devices)
sidebar_label: Android compliance policy criteria (company-owned, fully managed, and dedicated devices)
description: Android compliance policy criteria (company-owned, fully managed, and dedicated devices)
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Android compliance policy criteria (company-owned, fully managed, and dedicated devices) Section Setting Description Device Health Device unrooted Specify whether this setting is required for compliance evaluation. Options are as follows: Not required (default) Medium Low Secured If Required, any rooted devices will be evaluated as noncompliant. Device at or under specific risk level Select the maximum allowed risk level for devices evaluated by Mobile Security. Devices that are higher than the risk level get evaluated as noncompliant. Data storage encrypted Specify whether this setting is required for compliance evaluation. If Required, any devices with data storage unencrypted get evaluated as noncompliant. Lock screen enabled Specify whether this setting is required for compliance evaluation. If Required, any devices without a lock screen enabled get evaluated as noncompliant. Minimum OS version Type an OS version. Examples: 12 12.0 12.0.0 Minimum security patch level Specify whether this setting is required for compliance evaluation, and select the oldest security patch level a device can have. If Required and a security patch level is specified, any devices with an older security patch level get evaluated as noncompliant. Password required to unlock device Specify whether this setting is required for compliance evaluation. If Required, any devices without a password get evaluated as noncompliant. Password complexity Select the minimum allowed password complexity for devices. Devices that do not meet the password complexity requirements get evaluated as noncompliant. Your users must update the device password to meet the complexity requirements. Number of days until password expires Type a number from 1 to 365. Note This setting is available only when Password complexity is required. Number of passwords required before user can reuse an old one Type a number from 1 to 24. Note This setting is available only when Password complexity is required. Maximum minutes of inactivity before password is required Type a number from 1 to 480. Note This setting is available only when Password complexity is required. Number of days of no check-in until agent becomes inactive Select a number from the drop-down list. The default value is 30. This means the Mobile Security for Business enters the inactive state when the agent has not check in with Mobile Security for 30 consecutive days. Device access permissions Specify whether this setting is required for compliance evaluation. If Required, any devices that disable the specified permissions get evaluated as noncompliant. Storage Specify whether this setting is required for compliance evaluation. If Required, any devices that disable the Storage permission get evaluated as noncompliant. Location Specify whether this setting is required for compliance evaluation. If Required, any devices that disable the Location permission get evaluated as noncompliant. Running in background Specify whether this setting is required for compliance evaluation. If Required, any devices that disable the Running in background permission get evaluated as noncompliant. Notifications Specify whether this setting is required for compliance evaluation. If Required, any devices that disable the Notifications permission get evaluated as noncompliant. VPN Specify whether this setting is required for compliance evaluation. If Required, any devices that disable the VPN permission get evaluated as noncompliant. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base