---
id: application-control-events
title: Application Control events
sidebar_label: Application Control events
description: Application Control events
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Application Control events For general best practices related to events, see Events in Server & Workload Protection. To see the Application Control events captured by Server & Workload Protection, go to Events & Reports > Events > Application Control Events > Security Events. What information is displayed for Application Control events? These columns can be displayed on the Application Control Events page. You can click Columns to select which columns are displayed in the table. Time: Time the event took place on the computer. Computer: The computer on which this event was logged. (If the computer has been removed, this entry will read "Unknown Computer".) Event: The name of the event. Rules: View event details and change the rule from Allow to Block or vice versa. Ruleset: Ruleset that's associated with the event. Action: The action that caused the event to be triggered. Reason: The reason the event was triggered. Repeat count: The number of events that are aggregated. Tag(s): Event tags associated with this event. Path: Path to the affected file. File: File affected by the event. User Name: User that's responsible for executing the unrecognized software. Event Origin: The Server & Workload Protection component from which the event originated. MD5: MD5 hash. SHA1: SHA-1 hash. SHA256: SHA-256 hash. Group: The name of the group. Group ID: The ID of the group. User ID: User ID of the file owner. Process ID: ID of process that ran the execution. Process Name: Process that ran the execution. List of all Application Control events Note For system events related to Application Control, see System events. Events Execution of Unrecognized Software Allowed Execution of Unrecognized Software Blocked Execution of Software Blocked by Rule Related information Error: There are one or more application type conflicts on this computer © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base