---
id: ASRM-data-sources
title: Cyber Risk Exposure Management data sources
sidebar_label: Cyber Risk Exposure Management data sources
description: Cyber Risk Exposure Management data sources
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Cyber Risk Exposure Management data sources View and manage the Trend and third-party data sources that supply data to Cyber Risk Exposure Management. To enable Cyber Risk Exposure Management capabilities, including asset discovery, vulnerability assessment, and risk event detection, you must have one or more Trend Micro or third-party data sources connected to Trend Vision One. The Cyber Risk Exposure Management section in Data usage and monitoring under Data Source and Log Management displays supported data sources along with the connection status and data target. For details on all supported Cyber Risk Exposure Management data sources, see Configure Cyber Risk Exposure Management data sources. Important No additional credits are required for ingestion of Trend native data sources, including data from third-party sources connected directly to Trend Vision One and collected by Trend native sensors. Only third-party log ingestion and extended data retention require additional credit allocation. The following actions are available in the Cyber Risk Exposure Management section. Action Description Sort available data sources by risk factor Click a risk factor to display all available data sources that supply data contributing to risk detections in the risk factor. View data source connection status The Status column displays the data source connection status. If a particular data source has an unexpected connection status, click the data source name for details on the connection status. View data source details Click the name of a data source to view: Data target details Configuration status Initial instructions on configuring the data source Tip Trend data sources are typically managed in the associated product or app. Third-party data sources are typically managed in Third-Party Integration. Edit risk event data retention settings Click Risk event data retention settings to extend risk event data retention beyond the default of 30 days. Note Extended data retention requires additional credit allocation for archival data retention. For more details, see Credit requirements for Trend Vision One solutions, capabilities, and features. Risk events retained beyond 30 days are not displayed in Cyber Risk Exposure Management but can be retrieved using the platform search function. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base