---
id: asrm-old-new-pricing-models
title: Considerations for updating to the new Cyber Risk Exposure Management pricing model
sidebar_label: Considerations for updating to the new Cyber Risk Exposure Management pricing model
description: Considerations for updating to the new Cyber Risk Exposure Management pricing model
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Considerations for updating to the new Cyber Risk Exposure Management pricing model Understand the differences between the old and new pricing models for Cyber Risk Exposure Management before updating to the new model. There are two pricing models for Trend Vision One Cyber Risk Exposure Management. The old pricing model is available to customers who previously purchased the Attack Surface Risk Management (add-on to XDR) license entitlement, formerly called Risk Insights Capabilities. Although the old pricing model is not available to new customers, customers who purchased the Attack Surface Risk Management (add-on to XDR) license retain the original pricing model until the license expires, or until you disable and re-enable Cyber Risk Exposure Management in Trend Vision One. The credit requirement of the old pricing model is equal to the total number of credits allocated to all endpoint, email, and network sensors. In other words, enabling Cyber Risk Exposure Management on the old pricing model doubles your credit allocation to XDR sensors. The old pricing model does not charge for cloud accounts. The new pricing model is the only model available to new customers, as well as to customers whose Attack Surface Risk Management (add-on to XDR) license entitlement has expired. The new Cyber Risk Exposure Management offering comprises two features, Cyber Risk Exposure Management and Cloud Risk Management. The credit requirement of the new pricing model is based on your number of assessed desktops or servers and cloud accounts. The new pricing model does not charge for network or email. The following table displays the differences in which offerings require credits between the old and new pricing models for Cyber Risk Exposure Management: Old pricing model New pricing model Endpoint Number of sensor deployments For credit information, see Endpoint Sensor detection and response. Number of endpoint devices For credit information, see Cyber Risk Exposure Management. Network Number of sensor deployments For credit information, see XDR Network Sensor. - Email Number of sensor deployments For credit information, see Email Sensor. - Cloud - Number of cloud accounts For credit information, see Cloud account assessment. Depending on your license entitlement, you can update to the new pricing model in the following ways: Important Once you update to the new pricing model for Cyber Risk Exposure Management, you cannot change back to the old pricing model. If you have the new Cyber Risk Exposure Management license entitlement but are still using the old pricing model, go to the Credit Settings screen in Cyber Risk Exposure Management and turn the feature off, then back on. Using the toggle to disable and then re-enable the feature automatically updates you to the new pricing model. If you have the old Attack Surface Risk Management (add-on to XDR) license entitlement, contact your sales representative to purchase the new license entitlement. Activating the new Cyber Risk Exposure Management license automatically updates you to the new pricing model. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base