---
id: asset-profile-screens
title: Asset profile screens
sidebar_label: Asset profile screens
description: Asset profile screens
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Asset profile screens View detailed information about a selected device, internet-facing asset, user account, cloud app or cloud asset. Asset profile screens provide information to help you better understand a selected asset's impact in your organization's attack surface risk. The information can enable you to take informed actions to reduce the Cyber Risk Index. In Attack Surface Discovery, click an asset name to access the asset's profile screen. In Dashboards, click an asset name in the Top High-Risk Users or Top High-Risk Devices widgets to access the asset's profile screen. When viewing risk events for an asset, click the number in the case column to view current cases involving the specified risk event. Click the options icon () to open a new case for the risk event or add the case to an existing risk event. The information available on asset profile screens differs based on the selected asset type. The following table describes each asset type. Asset Type Description Device Displays risk information about the selected device Note A device's risk score is calculated based on device attributes and activities, including threat detection events, vulnerabilities, misconfigurations, abnormal activities, security configuration, and others. Devices with a higher score are riskier. Domain Displays risk information about the selected internet-facing domain IP address Displays risk information about the selected internet-facing public IP address User account Displays risk information about the selected user account Note A user's risk score is calculated based on user attributes and activities, including any threat detection events, account compromise exposure, abnormal activities, account security configuration, and others. Users with a higher the score are more risky. Service account Displays risk information about the selected service account Public cloud app Displays reputation information about the selected public cloud app and allows you to manually Sanction apps or search for cloud apps Note If your organization has not previously accessed a public cloud app, the app does not appear in the accessed public cloud app results. Search for the app and click the Check Trend Micro Cloud App Reputation link in the search results to find out more about the app reputation. Lower reputation scores indicate a better overall reputation. Connected SaaS app Displays risk and activity information about the selected connected SaaS app managed by your organization Local app Displays risk and activity information about the selected local app Cloud asset Displays risk information about the selected cloud asset Related information Device profile Domain profile IP address profile Account profile Service account profile Public cloud app profile Connected SaaS app profile Local app profile Executable file profile Cloud asset profile © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base