---
id: assigning-filtered-policies
title: Assigning Endpoints to Filtered Policies
sidebar_label: Assigning Endpoints to Filtered Policies
description: Assigning Endpoints to Filtered Policies
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Assigning Endpoints to Filtered Policies When a new endpoint registers to Trend Micro Apex Central, it goes through the filtered policies in the list in descending order. Trend Micro Apex Central assigns the new endpoint to a filtered policy when the following conditions are both satisfied: The new endpoint matches the target criteria in the policy The policy creator has the permission to manage the new endpoint The same action applies to an endpoint already assigned to a policy, but the policy creator later deletes the policy. Note For endpoints just registered to Trend Micro Apex Central and for those just released from deleted policies, there is a three-minute grace period during which no endpoint allocation occurs. These endpoints are temporarily without policies during this period. If an endpoint does not meet the target criteria in any filtered policies, the endpoint does not associate with any policies. Trend Micro Apex Central allocates these endpoints again when the following actions occur: Create a new filtered policy Edit a filtered policy Reorder the filtered policies Daily endpoint allocation schedule Trend Micro Apex Central uses a daily endpoint allocation schedule to ensure that endpoints are assigned to the correct policies. This action occurs once at 3:15 pm every day. When endpoint properties change, such as the operating system or IP address, these endpoints require the daily schedule to re-assign them to the correct policies. Note If the endpoints are offline during the daily endpoint allocation schedule, the policy status for these endpoints will remain pending until they go online. If the Apex One domain of the endpoint is changed, Trend Micro Apex Central deploys the updated the policy after 10 minutes. When the above actions occur, Trend Micro Apex Central allocate endpoints based on the following conditions: Endpoint Allocation for Filtered Policies New endpoints or endpoints from deleted policies Endpoints without policies Endpoints with policies Create a new policy Edit a policy Reorder the filtered policies Daily endpoint allocation schedule © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base