---
id: attack-prevention
title: Attack prevention/detection rules
sidebar_label: Attack prevention/detection rules
description: Attack prevention/detection rules
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Attack prevention/detection rules Apply attack prevention/detection rules from Trend Micro products to vulnerable assets in Cyber Risk Exposure Management in order to mitigate specific vulnerabilities and reduce risk. When remediation options such as patches and updates are not available or otherwise possible to apply to assets containing known CVEs, you may apply attack prevention/detection rules from Trend Micro products and solutions to the vulnerable assets to mitigate the vulnerability. Applying endpoint-based attack prevention/detection rules also lowers the asset risk score. Asset risk score reduction due to application of endpoint-based attack prevention/detection rules is visible on the radar chart on the asset profile screen, with the hashed area of the vulnerabilities section representing the amount the risk score has been reduced. Note Only endpoint-based attack prevention/detection rules currently affect the asset risk score. Specific attack prevention/detection rules are available based on your connected Trend Micro endpoint and network protection products or Trend Vision One solutions, including: Trend Cloud One™ - Endpoint & Workload Security Trend Micro Apex One™ Trend Micro™ Deep Security™ Trend Vision One™ - Standard Endpoint Protection Trend Vision One ™- Server & Workload Protection Trend Micro™ TippingPoint™ Security Management System (SMS) Trend Micro™ Worry-Free Services™ When viewing detected vulnerabilities in the Risk Assessment tab on an asset profile screen, the indicator next to the detection data source informs you of the CVE mitigation status based on available and applied attack prevention/detection rules: No indicator: No attack prevention/detection rules are currently available for this CVE Not mitigated (): Attack prevention/detection rules are available for this CVE, but the rules have not been applied to the asset Partially mitigated (): Only some available attack prevention/detection rules have been applied to the asset, or only network-based attack prevention/detection rules have been applied Mitigated (): All available attack prevention/detection rules have been applied to the asset Important Network-based attack prevention-detection rules can only protect assets when they are connected to the protected network segment. If an asset disconnects from or otherwise leaves the network segment, network-based solutions can no longer protect the asset. If you cannot patch the asset, Trend Micro recommends applying endpoint-based attack prevention/detection rules in addition to network-based rules in order to ensure the asset is protected at all times. Assets with only network-based rules applied cannot be considered fully mitigated and will not experience a risk score reduction. To see whether attack prevention/detection rules are available for a vulnerable asset, go to the asset profile screen and filter the displayed risk events by new vulnerabilities. CVEs with available attack prevention/detection rules display a mitigation status indicator. Expand the risk event details to view available mitigation options, and click View vulnerability mitigation details or click the mitigation status indicator to view a list of available attack prevention/detection rules by product or solution. The following table details the information available in the Vulnerability mitigation details drawer for an asset. Information Details Overall protection status Whether the asset is protected by available attack prevention/detection rules and when the rules were applied Available protection solutions Available Trend Micro products and solutions with applicable attack prevention/detection rules, divided into endpoint and network-based solutions If not all available rules have been applied to the asset, follow the on-screen instructions to access the product or solution and apply the available rules. Attack prevention/detection rules currently must be applied from within the relevant product or solution. Available attack prevention/detection rules Available rules from each product or solution, listed by filter rule ID A check icon () indicates the rule has been applied A pending icon () indicates the rule has not been applied Once attack prevention/detection rules are applied to the asset, the status of associated vulnerability risk events will automatically change to mitigated (). © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base