---
id: automation-integration-apis
title: Automation and integration APIs
sidebar_label: Automation and integration APIs
description: Automation and integration APIs
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Automation and integration APIs Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection provides programmatic access through Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection Representational State Transfer (REST) APIs. You can use the APIs to integrate third-party solutions or Trend Micro products and services with Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection, which allows customers to obtain certain service data, launch investigations for known and unknown threats, and perform operations on email messages and user accounts as necessary. This offers automated capabilities to help the security team of your organization improve their efficiency and effectiveness with which they can investigate, detect, manage, and respond to security issues. On the Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection management console, you can create authentication tokens for use by the following products and services: External applications Trend Micro Apex One™ as a Service Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection supports the following types of APIs: Log retrieval: gets security event logs from Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection to your Security Information and Event Management (SIEM) or other security analytics platform for further security monitoring and threat detection. Downloads quarantined emails for further investigation. Threat investigation: sweeps email messages in protected Exchange Online and Gmail mailboxes for those that match meta information search criteria to investigate and understand the impact of detections. Threat mitigation: performs operations on email messages or user accounts to remediate or prevent your email service from further security attacks. Threat remediation: specifies lists of blocked senders, URLs, SHA-1 hash values, and SHA-256 hash values for Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection to quarantine Exchange Online email messages that match the lists. For more information on the supported APIs and how to implement them, see Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection Automation and Integration API Online Help. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base