---
id: aws-organization-reconnect
title: AWS organization shows \"Reconnect\" or \"Update feature stack\" action after deployment attempt
sidebar_label: AWS organization shows \"Reconnect\" or \"Update feature stack\" action after deployment attempt
description: AWS organization shows \"Reconnect\" or \"Update feature stack\" action after deployment attempt
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 AWS organization shows "Reconnect" or "Update feature stack" action after deployment attempt Fix an unhealthy connection or partial deployment failure for your AWS organization account. Important This topic is for troubleshooting a partial or failed stack deployment to an AWS organization. To update the feature stack normally for an AWS account or AWS organization, see AWS Stack Update. If you attempted to connect your AWS organization but see the following Available actions you might need to reattempt stack deployment: Reconnect: This status might occur if the feature stack failed to fully deploy or if the connection with the account is unhealthy. Update feature stack: This status might occur for new feature releases, if you changed permissions settings without redeploying, or if an update failed to fully deploy. To resolve the status and fix the partial deployment, use the following steps: Procedure Sign in to the Trend Vision One console. Go to Cloud Security → Cloud Accounts → AWS and click the button in the Available actions column. The Cloud Accounts Settings screen appears. In the Cloud Accounts Settings screen, go to the Stack Update tab. Under the Copy the Template S3 URL section, click Copy S3 URL. Click Copy Vision One API Key to obtain a new key. If you want to review the template before deploying, click Download and Review Template. Under the Update CloudFormation Template section, verify the Stack name in step 3. In a new tab in the same browser session, sign in to the connected AWS account. In the AWS console, access the CloudFormation console. Go to Stacks and click the stack name for the stack you want to update. The Stack details screen appears. Click Update. In the Update stack screen, select Replace existing template. Under the Specify template section, set Template source to Amazon S3 URL. Paste the template S3 URL you copied into the Amazon S3 URL field. Click Next. Configure the Parameters screen if required. Locate the VisionOneAPIKey attribute and clear Use previous value. Paste the API key you copied from Trend Vision One. In the Configure stack options screen, click Next. In the Review screen, verify the Changes section shows the modification you made. Under the Capabilities section, select I acknowledge that AWS CloudFormation might create IAM resources. Click Submit. The Stack details screen appears with the Events tab open. The update process might take a few minutes. Click Refresh to check the progress. After the stack update completes, go back to the Trend Vision One console. Refresh the Cloud Accounts screen to verify the update is successful. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base