---
id: azure-virtual-machine-scale-sets
title: Azure virtual machine scale sets and Server & Workload Protection
sidebar_label: Azure virtual machine scale sets and Server & Workload Protection
description: Azure virtual machine scale sets and Server & Workload Protection
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Azure virtual machine scale sets and Server & Workload Protection Azure virtual machine scale sets (VMSS) provide the ability to deploy and manage a set of identical VMs. The number of VMs can increase or decrease automatically based on configurable scaling rules. For more information, see What are virtual machine scale sets in Azure? You can set up your VMSS to include a base VM image that has the agent pre-installed and pre-activated. As the VMSS scales up, the new VM instances in the scale set automatically include the agent. To add the agent to your VMSS: Step 1: Add your Azure subscription to Cloud Accounts Step 2: Prepare a deployment script Step 3: Add the agent through a custom script extension to your VMSS instances Step 1: Add your Azure subscription to Cloud Accounts Trend Micro recommends connecting your Azure subscription using Cloud Accounts. By connecting to Cloud Accounts, you gain access to the latest cloud security features available in Trend Vision One. Additionally, Server & Workload Protection monitors your Azure instances and can automatically add or remove virtual machines from both Computers and Endpoint Inventory as you scale up or scale down your scale set. Instances added to Server & Workload Protection individually are not automatically removed from the inventory when you scale down. Server & Workload Protection adds Azure instances to your inventory lists regardless of whether the VMs have an agent installed or not. The instances that do not have an agent installed have a status of No Agent. After you install and activate the agent on your instances, the status changes to Managed (Online). To learn more about adding Azure subscriptions, see Connecting and updating Azure subscriptions. Step 2: Prepare a deployment script You can configure and download the deployment script for the Trend Vision One Endpoint Security agent with Server & Workload Protection features from Endpoint Inventory. For more information about using the deployment script, see Run the deployment script. The following information is for reference use only. In Server & Workload Protection, prepare a deployment script. For instructions, see Use deployment scripts to add and protect computers. This deployment script will be referenced in a custom script extension that you'll configure next. To run a custom script with the following VMSS script, the script must be stored in Azure Blob storage or in any other location accessible through a valid URL. For instructions on how to upload a file to Azure Blob storage, see Perform Azure Blob storage operations with Azure PowerShell. Step 3: Add the agent through a custom script extension to your VMSS instances The following are examples on how to use PowerShell to add the agent: Example 1 shows how to create a new VMSS that includes the agent Example 2 shows how to add the agent to an existing VMSS Both examples: use the Add-AzureRmVmssExtension cmdlet to add an extension to the VMSS use Azure PowerShell version 5.1.1 For instructions on creating a new VMSS using PowerShell cmdlets, refer to this Microsoft tutorial. For the Linux platform, see https://github.com/Azure/custom-script-extension-linux. Example 1: Create a new VMSS that includes the agent $resourceGroupName = <The resource group of the VMSS> $vmssname = <The name of the VMSS> # Create ResourceGroup New-AzureRmResourceGroup -ResourceGroupName $resourceGroupName -Location EastUS # Create a config object $vmssConfig = New-AzureRmVmssConfig ` -Location EastUS ` -SkuCapacity 2 ` -SkuName Standard_DS2 ` -UpgradePolicyMode Automatic # Define the script for your Custom Script Extension to run on the Windows Platform $customConfig = @{ "fileUris" = (,"A URL of your copy of deployment script, ex. deploymentscript.ps1"); "commandToExecute" = "powershell -ExecutionPolicy Unrestricted -File deploymentscript.ps1" } # Define the script for your Custom Script Extension to run on the Linux Platform #$customConfig = @{ # "fileUris" = (,"A URL of your copy of deployment script, ex. deploymentscript.sh"); # "commandToExecute" = "bash deploymentscript.sh" #} # The section is required only if deploymentscript has been located within Azure StorageAccount $storageAccountName = <StorageAccountName if deploymentscript is locate in Azure Storage> $key = (Get-AzureRmStorageAccountKey -Name $storageAccountName -ResourceGroupName $resourceGroupName).Value[0] $protectedConfig = @{ "storageAccountName" = $storageAccountName; "storageAccountKey" = $key } # Use Custom Script Extension to install the agent (Windows) Add-AzureRmVmssExtension -VirtualMachineScaleSet $vmssConfig ` -Name "customScript" ` -Publisher "Microsoft.Compute" ` -Type "CustomScriptExtension" ` -TypeHandlerVersion 1.8 ` -Setting $customConfig ` -ProtectedSetting $protectedConfig # Use Custom Script Extension to install the agent (Linux) #Add-AzureRmVmssExtension -VirtualMachineScaleSet $vmssConfig ` # -Name "customScript" ` # -Publisher "Microsoft.Azure.Extensions" ` # -Type "customScript" ` # -TypeHandlerVersion 2.0 ` # -Setting $customConfig ` # -ProtectedSetting $protectedConfig # Create a public IP address # Create a frontend and backend IP pool # Create the load balancer # Create a load balancer health probe on port 80 # Create a load balancer rule to distribute traffic on port 80 # Update the load balancer configuration # Reference a virtual machine image from the gallery # Set up information for authenticating with the virtual machine # Create the virtual network resources # Attach the virtual network to the config object # Create the scale set with the config object (this step might take a few minutes) New-AzureRmVmss ` -ResourceGroupName $resourceGroupName ` -Name $vmssname ` -VirtualMachineScaleSet $vmssConfig Example 2: Add the agent to an existing VMSS $resourceGroupName = <The resource group of the VMSS> $vmssname = <The name of the VMSS> # Get the VMSS model $vmssobj = Get-AzureRmVmss -ResourceGroupName $resourceGroupName -VMScaleSetName $vmssname # Show model data if you prefer # Write-Output $vmssobj # Define the script for your Custom Script Extension to run on the Windows platform $customConfig = @{ "fileUris" = (,"A URL of your copy of deployment script, ex. deploymentscript.ps1"); "commandToExecute" = "powershell -ExecutionPolicy Unrestricted -File deploymentscript.ps1" } # Define the script for your Custom Script Extension to run on the Linux platform #$customConfig = @{ # "fileUris" = (,"A URL of your copy of deployment script, ex. deploymentscript.sh"); # "commandToExecute" = "bash deploymentscript.sh" #} # The section is required only if deploymentscript has been located within Azure StorageAccount $storageAccountName = <StorageAccountName if deploymentscript is locate in Azure Storage> $key= (Get-AzureRmStorageAccountKey -Name $storageAccountName -ResourceGroupName $resourceGroupName).Value[0] $protectedConfig = @{ "storageAccountName" = $storageAccountName; "storageAccountKey" = $key } # Use Custom Script Extension to install the agent (Windows) $newvmssobj = Add-AzureRmVmssExtension ` -VirtualMachineScaleSet $vmssobj ` -Name "customScript" ` -Publisher "Microsoft.Compute" ` -Type "CustomScriptExtension" ` -TypeHandlerVersion 1.8 ` -Setting $customConfig ` -ProtectedSetting $protectedConfig # Use Custom Script Extension to install the agent (Linux) #$newvmssobj = Add-AzureRmVmssExtension ` # -VirtualMachineScaleSet $vmssobj ` # -Name "customScript" ` # -Publisher "Microsoft.Azure.Extensions" ` # -Type "customScript" ` # -TypeHandlerVersion 2.0 ` # -Setting $customConfig ` # -ProtectedSetting $protectedConfig # Update the virtual machine scale set model Update-AzureRmVmss -ResourceGroupName $resourceGroupName -name $vmssname -VirtualMachineScaleSet $newvmssobj -Verbose # Get Instance ID for all instances in this VMSS, and decide which instance you'd like to update # Get-AzureRmVmssVM -ResourceGroupName $resourceGroupName -VMScaleSetName $vmssname # Now start updating instances # If upgradePolicy is Automatic in the VMSS, do NOT execute the next command Update-AzureRmVmssInstance. Azure will auto-update the VMSS. # There's no PowerShell command to update all instances at once. But you could refer to the output of Update-AzureRmVmss, and loop all instances into this command. Update-AzureRmVmssInstance -ResourceGroupName $resourceGroupName -VMScaleSetName $vmssname -InstanceId 0 © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base