---
id: azure-integration
title: Azure integration
sidebar_label: Azure integration
description: Azure integration
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Azure integration Add Access Policy for Key Vault Attributes You need to allow Trend Vision One™ – Cloud Risk Management permission to list Key Vault Attributes and Secrets in your Azure account to be able to run certain rules successfully in the Cloud Risk Management platform. You will need to set up: Procedure From Azure Home, go to Key Vaults. Navigate to the vault containing the keys and secrets that you want the rule to monitor. Go to the Access policies section and click on the +Add Access policy button. To set up Key permissions: For Key permissions, select List from the dropdown. Under Key Management Operations check List. {.zoom} To set up Secret permissions: For Secret permissions, select List from the dropdown. Under Secret Management Operations select List. To set up Certificate permissions: For Certificate permissions, select List from the dropdown. Under Certificate Management Operations select List. Select the App registration setup in the Setup an Azure App registration step as the Principal. {.zoom} Click on Select in the bottom right corner. Click Add. Click Save on the next page. Next steps Once you save the changes, a notification is displayed in the top right corner of the screen confirming the key vault update. Firewall Enabled Keyvaults For Keyvaults that have the firewall enabled, you will need to add the Cloud Risk Management’s IPv4 addresses to allow API calls from Cloud Risk Management needed for Keyvault Rules. From Azure Home, go to Key Vaults. Navigate to the vault containing the keys and secrets that you want the rule to monitor. Go to the Networking section from left navigation Under the Firewall section, add the following IPv4 addresses or CIDR blocks: Region Addresses us-west-2 (Oregon) 34.210.51.120 34.211.72.71 ap-southeast-2 (Sydney) 52.65.53.114 54.153.192.180 eu-west-1 (Ireland) 34.251.80.176 52.214.29.244 Ca-central-1 (Canada) 15.222.199.214 3.96.40.99 ap-southeast-1 (Singapore) 54.255.49.223 18.139.50.58 eu-central-1, CloudOne Germany (de-1) 3.68.155.86 35.157.123.83 ap-northeast-1, CloudOne Japan (jp-1) 35.72.45.89 54.95.48.132 © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base