---
id: block-internal-app-access-task
title: Block Internal App Access task
sidebar_label: Block Internal App Access task
description: Block Internal App Access task
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Block Internal App Access task You can take remediation measures on user accounts that may pose a security risk to your network environment on the Trend Vision One console. Procedure Locate the user account that you want to take action on using the Zero Trust Secure Access or Threat and Exposure Management app. Zero Trust Secure Access: Go to the User Information screen by clicking on a user anywhere within the Zero Trust Secure Access app. Threat and Exposure Management: Go to the User Profile screen. Click the options icon () and Block Internal App Access. The Block Internal App Access Task screen appears. Click Deploy Now to deploy the Trend Micro private access service. Note This step is required only when the private access service is not deployed to your corporate network. For more information, see Private Access configuration. The task stops proceeding. After you complete the private access service deployment, restart the task. (Optional) Specify a description for the task. Click Create. Trend Vision One creates the task and displays the current action status on the Secure Access History screen. Monitor the task status. Click View task status in the success message that pops up in the lower right corner. The Remediation Logs tab on the Secure Access History screen appears. You can also go directly to Secure Access History → Remediation Logs, and locate the task using the search field. View the task status under Action status. In progress... (): Trend Vision One sent the command to the enforcement point and is waiting for a response Successful (): The enforcement point successfully received and executed the command Unsuccessful (): An error or time-out occurred when attempting to send the command to the enforcement point Note The task status indicates whether the enforcement point was able to successfully receive and execute the command. It may take a few minutes for the process to complete. After resolving the risk issues on the user account, you can allow the user account to access your internal apps using the options icon () in the Zero Trust Secure Access or Threat and Exposure Management app. For more information, see Unblock Internal App Access task. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base