---
id: browser-configuration
title: Browser configuration
sidebar_label: Browser configuration
description: Browser configuration
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Browser configuration Configure supported browsers to reference the location of a PAC file or specify the Internet Access Gateway proxy address and port directly. Prepare the PAC file path or Internet Access Gateway proxy address before you start. PAC file path: Get the file path of the desired PAC file in the PAC file location column on the PAC Files tab (Zero Trust Secure Access → Secure Access Configuration → Internet Access and AI Service Access Configuration). Internet Access Gateway proxy address: The default, globally applicable cloud proxy address and port are proxy.ztsa-iag.trendmicro.com and 80. To use the cloud proxy address for a specific data center, see Port and FQDN/IP address requirements. Internet Access supports the following browsers: Browser Version Google Chrome™ Newest and most recent previous version Mozilla® Firefox® Newest and most recent previous version Microsoft Edge™ (Chromium-based) Newest and most recent previous version Apple™ Safari™ Newest and most recent previous version Note The steps contained in these instructions were valid as of September 2022. Related information Microsoft Edge Google Chrome Mozilla Firefox Apple Safari Microsoft Edge Procedure Click the More icon in the top-right corner of the browser. Go to Settings → System and performance → Open your computer's proxy settings. The Automatic proxy setup screen appears. Do one of the following: Turn on Use setup script, provide the PAC file path in the Script address text box, and click Save. Turn on Use a proxy server, provide the Internet Access Gateway proxy address, and click Save. Close the screen. Google Chrome Procedure Click the icon at the top-right section of the browser window and select Settings. Click System on the left navigation and click Open your computer's proxy settings. The Automatic proxy setup screen appears. Do one of the following: Turn on Use setup script, provide the PAC file path in the Script address text box, and click Save. Turn on Use a proxy server, provide the Internet Access Gateway proxy address, and click Save. Close the screen. Mozilla Firefox Procedure Click the Open menu icon in the top-right corner of the browser, and then select Settings. Click the General tab, and under Network Proxy, click Settings. The Connection Settings screen appears. Do one of the following: Select Manual proxy configuration and provide the Internet Access Gateway proxy address. Note To have the Internet Access Gateway scan HTTPS traffic, select Also use this proxy for HTTPS. Select Automatic proxy configuration URL and provide the PAC file path. Click OK to close the Connection Settings screen, and then click OK again to close Settings. Apple Safari Procedure Go to System Preferences → Network. Choose the method that the device uses to connect to the internet, and then click Advanced. Click the Proxies tab. Do one of the following: Select Automatic Proxy Configuration and type the PAC file path in the proxy configuration file URL text box that appears. Select Web Proxy (HTTP) and Secure Web Proxy (HTTPS), and provide the Internet Access Gateway proxy address and port. Click OK. Click Apply. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base