---
id: case-viewer
title: Case viewer
sidebar_label: Case viewer
description: Case viewer
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Case viewer Case Viewer allows you to see and manage all your cases from Case Management at any time, in any of the Trend Vision One screens. Click to open and minimize Case Viewer. Important Your organization can upload up to 1 GB of attachments. This limit applies to all cases opened within the organization. The following table outlines the actions available in Case Viewer. Action Description Show and hide Case Viewer Click to show the last case you viewed. Click to hide Case Viewer. View the case list Click the list icon () to view available cases and select the case you want to work on. View case information Click () to display and update information about the case. Change the name or description Click () . Click Modify under the Name or Description. Edit the name or description. Notify others of the change: Select Send case notification to other email addresses. Enter one or more email addresses. Click Modify. View an associated item Click (). Click the ID under Associated Items to display an associated item in a new tab. Change the case status Click (). Select a Status to update the progress of the case. Set the case findings Click (). Select an option to update the Findings of the case: True positive: The investigation confirmed the occurrence of threats or malicious activities. False positive: No malicious activity found. Benign true positive: The investigation confirmed the presence of a genuine threat that poses no risk to the organization. Benign true positives are the result of penetration tests or other legitimate activities in your environment. Noteworthy: Trend Vision One detected unusual activity that requires more investigation. -: The investigation has no findings. Change the case priority Click (). Select the Priority. Assign owners Click (). Click Assign owners to assign accounts within your organization to the case. Add a workspace to a Forensics case Click (). Click Create Forensics Workspace to add a new workspace as an associated item. Open a related case Related cases are independent subcases that give you the flexibility to divide a complex investigation into small subcases. Related cases supply more information for the main case. Click (). Click Open related case to link a new case. Enter case information. See Trend Vision One cases. View a related case Click (). Click the related case ID to view a linked case. Generate an investigation report Important This is a "Pre-release" feature and is not considered an official release. Please review the Pre-release disclaimer before using the feature. If you enabled generative AI in Trend Companion select a case name to open the case details, then go to → Generate investigation report. Trend Companion generates a threat investigation and remediation report for the case, which you can preview, edit, and download by going to Dashboards and Reports → Reports. This action is only available for Workbench cases with a “True positive” finding. Create a case summary Important This is a "Pre-release" feature and is not considered an official release. Please review the Pre-release disclaimer before using the feature. If you enabled generative AI in Trend Companion select a case name to open the case details, then go to → Summarize case. Trend Companion summarizes all the notes created in the case since last time a summarized progress note was created. Summarized progress notes are helpful when transferring a case to a new owner. Update impacted endpoints Click Update Forensics Workspace to update the workspace with impacted endpoints. If the case no longer includes an endpoint, Trend Vision One does not automatically remove the endpoint. You can manually remove any impacted endpoints from the workspace. Add notes to the case Type any notes in the box. Click to add the entry. Add attachments to case Click (). Click the three dots at the bottom of the case, and then click Add attachments. Select a file to attach and click Open. To add more files, click Add File. If needed, add notes about the attachments in the Comments field. Click Save. Edit an entry Point to the entry to display the icons. Click . Type any comments or notes. Click Save. Delete an entry Point to the entry to display the icons. Click . Click Delete. Return case to MDR team Important This option is only available for MDR cases. After solving all the situations that required your attention, click Return case to MDR team. After returning a case to the managed XDR team, you can continue adding notes to provide more information. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base