---
id: check-iosipados-devices
title: Check iOS/iPadOS devices
sidebar_label: Check iOS/iPadOS devices
description: Check iOS/iPadOS devices
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Check iOS/iPadOS devices You need to check that: The device is running the following OS version or later Check whether the device is running on the required operating system version. If the option is enabled, select a minimum version number of the corresponding operating systems. A device installed with the specified version or later passes the check. The company Certificate Authority (CA) certificate is present in the Trust Store Check that the certificate is present in the MDM Enrollment Profile Payload. An MDM Enrollment Profile Payload contains the specified certificate, which passes the check. For more information on MDMs and how to check the payload details, see Getting to Know MDM. For more information on certificates, see Device posture certificate requirements. The client certificate is signed by company's CA Check that the certificate is present in the MDM Enrollment Profile Payload. An MDM Enrollment Profile Payload contains the specified certificate, which passes the check. For more information on MDMs and how to check the payload details, see Getting to Know MDM. For more information on certificates, see Device posture certificate requirements. The device is not jailbroken Check if the iOS device has unauthorized modifications. Unauthorized modifications to iOS, also known as "jail-breaking", bypass iOS's security features. A device that was not jailbroken passes the check. For more information, see Unauthorized modification of iOS The Trend Micro Mobile Security detected device risk level is correct Check whether the device is in the specified risk level state. If this option is enabled, select a minimum acceptable risk level. A device with the specified risk level or lower passes the check. For more information, see Devices tab. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base