---
id: cis-gke17-311
title: 3.1.1- Ensure that the proxy kubeconfig file permissions are set to 644 or more restrictive (Automated)
sidebar_label: 3.1.1- Ensure that the proxy kubeconfig file permissions are set to 644 or more restrictive (Automated)
description: 3.1.1- Ensure that the proxy kubeconfig file permissions are set to 644 or more restrictive (Automated)
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ 3.1.1- Ensure that the proxy kubeconfig file permissions are set to 644 or more restrictive (Automated) Profile applicability: Level 1 If kube-proxy is running, and if it is configured by a kubeconfig file, ensure that the proxy kubeconfig file has permissions of 644 or more restrictive. The kube-proxy kubeconfig file controls various parameters of the kube-proxy service on the worker node. You should restrict its file permissions to maintain the integrity of the file. The file should be writable only by the administrators on the system. Note The default permissions of the proxy kubeconfig file are 644. Impact Overly permissive file permissions increase security risk to the platform. Audit Using Google Cloud Console Go to Kubernetes Engine. Click on the desired cluster to open the Details page, then click on the desired Node pool to open the Node pool Details page. Note the name of the desired node. Go to VM Instances. Find the desired node and click on SSH to open an SSH connection to the node. Using Command Line Method 1: SSH to the worker nodes To check to see if the Kubelet Service is running: sudo systemctl status kubelet The output should return Active: active (running) since.... Run the following command on each node to find the appropriate kubeconfig file: ps -ef | grep kubelet The output of the above command should return something similar to --kubeconfig/var/lib/kubelet/kubeconfig, which is the location of the kubeconfig file. Run this command to obtain the kubeconfig file permissions: stat -c %a /var/lib/kubelet/kubeconfig The output of the above command gives you the kubeconfig file's permissions. Verify that if a file is specified and it exists, the permissions are 644 or more restrictive. Method 2: Create and Run a Privileged Pod Run a pod that is privileged enough to access the host's file system by deploying a pod that uses the hostPath volume to mount the node's file system into the pod. Here's an example of a simple pod definition that mounts the root of the host to /host within the pod: apiVersion: v1 kind: Pod metadata: name: file-check spec: volumes: - name: host-root hostPath: path: / type: Directory containers: - name: nsenter image: busybox command: ["sleep", "3600"] volumeMounts: - name: host-root mountPath: /host securityContext: privileged: true Save this to a file (e.g., file-check-pod.yaml) and create the pod: kubectl apply -f file-check-pod.yaml Once the pod is running, you can exec into it to check file permissions on the node: kubectl exec -it file-check -- sh Now you are in a shell inside the pod, but you can access the node's file system through the /host directory and check the permission level of the file: ls -l /host/var/lib/kubelet/kubeconfig Verify that if a file is specified and it exists, the permissions are 644 or more restrictive. Remediation Run the below command (based on the file location on your system) on the each worker node: chmod 644 <proxy kubeconfig file> © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base