---
id: cis-eks-414
title: 4.1.4 - Minimize access to create pods (Automated)
sidebar_label: 4.1.4 - Minimize access to create pods (Automated)
description: 4.1.4 - Minimize access to create pods (Automated)
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ 4.1.4 - Minimize access to create pods (Automated) Profile applicability: Level 1 The ability to create pods in a namespace can provide a number of opportunities for privilege escalation, such as assigning privileged service accounts to these pods or mounting hostPaths with access to sensitive data (unless Pod Security Policies are implemented to restrict this access). As such, access to create new pods should be restricted to the smallest possible group of users. The ability to create pods in a cluster opens up possibilities for privilege escalation and should be restricted, where possible. Note By default, the following list of principals have create privileges on pod objects. CLUSTERROLEBINDING SUBJECT TYPE SA-NAMESPACE cluster-admin system:masters Group system:controller:clusterrole-aggregation-controller clusterrole- aggregation-controller ServiceAccount kube-system system:controller:daemon-set-controller daemon-set-controller ServiceAccount kube-system system:controller:job-controller job-controller ServiceAccount kube-system system:controller:persistent-volume-binder persistent-volume- binder ServiceAccount kube-system system:controller:replicaset-controller replicaset-controller ServiceAccount kube-system system:controller:replication-controller replication-controller ServiceAccount kube-system system:controller:statefulset-controller statefulset-controller ServiceAccount kube-system Impact Care should be taken not to remove access to pods to system components which require this for their operation. Audit Review the users who have create access to pod objects in the Kubernetes API. Remediation Where possible, remove create access to pod objects in the cluster. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base