---
id: cis-aks17-328
title: 3.2.8 - Ensure that the --rotate-certificates argument is not set to false (Automated)
sidebar_label: 3.2.8 - Ensure that the --rotate-certificates argument is not set to false (Automated)
description: 3.2.8 - Ensure that the --rotate-certificates argument is not set to false (Automated)
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 3.2.8 - Ensure that the --rotate-certificates argument is not set to false (Automated) Profile Applicability: Level 2 Enable kubelet client certificate rotation. The --rotate-certificates setting causes the kubelet to rotate its client certificates by creating new CSRs as its existing credentials expire. This automated periodic rotation ensures that the there is no downtime due to expired certificates and thus addressing availability in the CIA (Confidentiality, Integrity, and Availability) security triad. This recommendation only applies if you let kubelets get their certificates from the API server. In case your kubelet certificates come from an outside authority/tool (e.g. Vault) then you need to implement rotation yourself. This feature also requires the RotateKubeletClientCertificate feature gate to be enabled. Note See the Azure AKS documentation for the default value. Impact Disabling certificate rotation may cause expired Kubelet certificates to interrupt communication with the API server, potentially causing node or pod issues. This may require manual intervention and is not sustainable in production environments. Audit SSH to each node and run the following command to find the Kubelet process: ps -ef | grep kubelet If the output includes the --RotateCertificate executable argument, verify that it is set to true. If the output of the command above does not include the --RotateCertificate executable argument then check the Kubelet config file. The output of the above command should return something similar to --config /etc/kubernetes/kubelet/kubelet-config.json, which is the location of the Kubelet config file. Open the Kubelet config file: cat /etc/kubernetes/kubelet/kubelet-config.json Verify that the RotateCertificate argument is not present, or is set to true. Remediation Remediation Method 1: If modifying the Kubelet config file, edit /etc/kubernetes/kubelet/kubelet-config.jsonand set the below parameter to true: "rotateCertificates": true Make sure that the kubelet service file /etc/systemd/system/kubelet.service.d/10-kubelet-args.conf does not set the --RotateCertificate executable argument to false because this would override the Kubelet config file. Remediation Method 2: If using executable arguments, edit the kubelet service file /etc/systemd/system/kubelet.service.d/10-kubelet-args.conf on each worker node and add the below parameter at the end of the KUBELET_ARGS string: --RotateCertificate=true © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base