---
id: cloud-app-profile
title: Public cloud app profile
sidebar_label: Public cloud app profile
description: Public cloud app profile
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Public cloud app profile A public cloud app profile details the reputation of a public cloud application as determined by Trend Micro experts and how often your organization accesses the app. A public cloud app is any publicly accessible cloud-based service. Example public cloud app service types include Software-as-a-Service (SaaS), Platform-as-a-Service (PaaS), and Infrastructure-as-a-Service (IaaS). Example public cloud app categories evaluated by Cloud Reputation Services include: Cloud computing platforms Development tools Collaboration tools Webmail services IT and support solutions Social networking services Artificial intelligence services A public cloud app profile provides the following information about a particular public cloud app and the usage of the app in your organization. Tab Description Reputation Basic and reputation information about the public cloud app Use the dropdown menu to change the public cloud app status to Sanctioned or Unsanctioned. Note By default, Attack Surface Discovery classifies public cloud apps accessed through Microsoft Entra ID as Sanctioned. View the reputation of the public cloud app based off of publicly available data regarding the site's maturity, compliance, security features, and any recent security breaches. A lower score in reputation indicates a better reputation. For more information, see Public cloud app reputation. Click Customize reputation to manually adjust the reputation if you do not think the provided reputation is suitable for your organization. Important A public cloud application's reputation indicates a level of maturity and security compliance for the application and does not indicate that an application is malicious or dangerous. Trend Micro experts constantly evaluate, assess, and adjust public cloud application reputations based on many criteria to ensure you always have the latest information. Trend Micro cannot guarantee that the available information about an app is complete. Customize the risk level of apps you think have been assessed inaccurately. Usage Displays the geographic location and number of times your users or devices accessed the public cloud app on a given day Note For customers that have updated to the Foundation Services release, the user list is only available for users with the Accounts asset visibility scope. Users Displays the users in your organization that have accessed the public cloud app Click a user name to view the user account profile. Note For customers that have updated to the Foundation Services release, the Users tab is only available for users with the Accounts asset visibility scope. Devices Displays the devices in your organization that have accessed the public cloud app Click a device name or user to view the device profile or account profile. Note For customers that have updated to the Foundation Services release, drilling down from the User name column is only available for users with the Accounts asset visibility scope. Related information Public cloud app reputation © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base