---
id: cloud-identity-dashboard-view
title: Misconfiguration and Compliance
sidebar_label: Misconfiguration and Compliance
description: Misconfiguration and Compliance
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Misconfiguration and Compliance When you first log in to Trend Vision One – Cloud Risk Management, you will be directed to the overview where you can navigate your cloud accounts. The Misconfiguration and Compliance provides high-level metrics on all your cloud accounts, not only individually, but also when viewed together or as a user-defined Group. These metrics are organized into dashboard sections, and include: Summary section - overall compliance score of your account(s) and check summaries Account and Group Comparison section - compare compliance scores of accounts and groups Threat monitoring section - real-time monitoring of user activities and events in the selected AWS account Cost monitoring section - an overview of costs incurred and forecasted costs Compliance status section - current compliance scores of account(s) based on five pillars of the AWS Well-Architected Framework Compliance evolution - change in compliance scores of account(s) over the last 30 days Status per AWS region - identify AWS regions that are the most vulnerable Most critical failures - sorted by associated risk level You will also be able to access package add-on functionality for your account(s) subscriptions. Example: Dashboard with an Account selected that has Real Time Posture Monitoring and Cost Optimisation add-ons enabled. Related information Summary widget Threat monitoring section Compliance status widget Compliance evolution Status per AWS region Most critical failures Summary Accounts navigation The Account navigation on the left displays the following tabs: All accounts Add account All accounts The All Accounts dashboard provides a consolidated view of all AWS infrastructure and the associated compliance level against the five pillars of the Well-Architected framework. This ability to view all AWS accounts on one user-friendly dashboard makes it extremely easy to identify risks and issues with your infrastructure as they occur, as well as ensuring your staff are up to date with the latest best practices. Clicking on # accounts will open a new pop-up window that displays the list of account(s) and group(s) that you have access to. Add account You can add new accounts by clicking on Add an account Note This functionality is only available to the Master Administrator, Senior Analyst and Operator users © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base