---
id: cloud-posture-assessment-intro
title: Cloud Risk Management Assessment
sidebar_label: Cloud Risk Management Assessment
description: Cloud Risk Management Assessment
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Cloud Risk Management Assessment Scan your cloud assets and accounts against the most common standards and frameworks using Cloud Risk Management Assessment. Important Only customers that have updated to the Foundation Services release have access to the feature. You can always find your previous assessment reports by clicking Assessment History on the Cyber Risk Assessment screen. Procedure In the Trend Vision One console, go to Assessment → Cyber Risk Assessment. In the Cloud Risk Management Assessment area, click Start Assessment. Run the Cloud Risk Management Assessment. If you do not have any cloud accounts available in Cloud Accounts, click Add Cloud Account, follow the prompts to onboard an AWS account or connect an Azure subscription or Google Cloud project through the Cloud Accounts app. Then click Finish. If you have already added cloud accounts, select a connected cloud account from the list and click Start Assessment. Note You can assess only one cloud account at a time. Wait until your cloud account finishes the assessment. You will receive an email notification when the assessment is complete. Click the link in the notification to access the Trend Vision One console, and click View Report in the Cloud Risk Management Assessment area. Check the results on the assessment report and take risk remediation actions immediately if necessary. The following table lists the actions available on the report (if applicable). Action Description Download report Download the assessment report as a PDF file. Share report Share the PDF assessment report via email. Start new assessment Start a new at-risk endpoint assessment, cloud mailbox assessment, phishing simulation assessment, external attack surface assessment, Cloud Risk Management assessment, identity posture assessment, or global threat assessment. WARNING Starting a new assessment permanently deletes collected data. View details in the Cloud Security Posture app For new users, try Cloud Risk Management to maintain an inventory of your cloud assets, be alerted about current misconfigurations and their risks, and keep up to date on compliance with common standards and frameworks. For trial users or paid users, view details about the compliance of your cloud infrastructure in Cloud Risk Management. View the full list of supported standards and frameworks In the Compliance with Common Standards and Framework section, click View the full list to check the standards and frameworks against which your infrastructure’s compliance posture is assessed. View details about the top checked rules with noncompliant resources Click View in the Remediation steps column in the Top Checked Rules with Noncompliant Resources section to learn more about the rule. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base