---
id: cloud-asset-compliance-violations
title: Cloud asset compliance violations
sidebar_label: Cloud asset compliance violations
description: Cloud asset compliance violations
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Cloud asset compliance violations Use Cyber Risk Exposure Management capabilities to continuously identify and monitor cloud asset compliance violations across multiple cloud providers. Cloud Asset Compliance Violations displays the results of continuous monitoring conducted by Trend Cloud One - Conformity on your cloud assets. Monitoring of assets across Amazon Web Services (AWS), Microsoft Azure, Alibaba Cloud, and Google Cloud reveals compliance violations and insights into your cloud security posture. This information enables you to continuously improve your security posture and reduce the likelihood of successful attacks. To access the Cloud Asset Compliance Violations: Go to Cyber Risk Exposure Management → Cyber Risk Overview, click the Exposure Overview tab, and then click Details in the Cloud Asset Compliance Violations widget. Go to Cyber Risk Exposure Management → Threat and Exposure Management, click the System Configuration risk factor, and then click Compliance violations in the Cloud infrastructure configuration widget. The following table outlines the actions available in Cloud Asset Compliance Violations. Action Description Select compliance standards or frameworks The widget displays information about how your cloud infrastructure tracks against controls from a maximum of three standards and frameworks. Tip If no violations are detected for an extended period, select other compliance standards and frameworks for monitoring. View a summary of compliance violations The widget provides the following information for each selected compliance standard and framework: Total compliance violations in the last 30 days Total compliance violations per day View a detailed list of violated compliance rules Click View details to see violated rule names, rule severity levels, event counts, and other key information. Click the event count for any compliance rule to see the list of compliance violation events for the rule. Expand any row to see the following information: Standards and frameworks associated with the specific compliance rule Remediation steps from a library of configuration best practices for cloud environments Filter list entries based on criteria such as standard/framework, rule severity, or cloud service provider. Create dismissed rules If you are unable to implement the best practices to comply with a standard or framework, you can create a dismissed rule to prevent further risk events for specific rules from being reported. Rules: Select one or more rules and then click Create dismissed rule. Events: Click any event count to open the event list. Select one or more rules and then click Create dismissed rule. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base