---
id: cloud-overview-dashboard
title: Cloud Security Posture
sidebar_label: Cloud Security Posture
description: Cloud Security Posture
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Cloud Security Posture Get a holistic view of your cloud environment to help monitor and manage cloud asset-related risks. The Cloud Security Posture dashboard brings together all critical views and findings into a single, consolidated page, making it easier than ever to monitor and manage your cloud environment. It allows you to easily jump to the next level of granularity, enabling you to start investigating and taking action towards improving your Cloud Risk Management. The following table outlines each widget in the Cloud Security Posture dashboard, detailing available actions such as investigating threat alerts, examining attack paths, and assessing the current risk levels of your cloud assets. Widget Description Cloud Risk Index Displays the current risk level for your cloud assets, and displays a graph showing how the risk level has changed over time. See Cloud Risk Index. Asset Coverage Displays a breakdown of the number of cloud accounts for each cloud provider, and displays the number of accounts per cloud provider. See Asset Coverage. Protection Displays the number of threat alerts and XDR alerts that have occurred in the last 30 days, and shows how many alerts have occurred in the past 24 hours. See Protection. Security Posture Displays an overview of Cloud Risk Events, categorized into vulnerabilities and misconfigurations. Click a number to view details in Threat and Exposure Management. See Security Posture. Compliance Provides an overview of compliance for up to six compliance standards. Click a compliance standard to view details in Misconfiguration and Compliance. See Compliance. Assets at Risk Displays the number of high risk cloud assets, categorized by type. Click a link to view details in Attack Surface Discovery. See Assets at Risk. Cloud Accounts Breakdown Displays a list of cloud accounts, sorted by overall risk score (highest to lowest). Click a cloud account name to view details. See Cloud Accounts Breakdown. Account Details Displays the scanning capabilities available for the selected account, for details see: Account details Related information Cloud Risk Index Asset Coverage Protection Security Posture Compliance Assets at Risk Cloud Accounts Breakdown Account details Entitlements AI Security Posture Management (AI-SPM) Project Centric Overview © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base