---
id: command-tracking
title: Command Tracking
sidebar_label: Command Tracking
description: Command Tracking
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Command Tracking The Command Tracking screen provides a list of all previously issued commands sent from the Trend Micro Apex Central server. You can use this screen to monitor the status of the commands you issued to managed products from the Trend Micro Apex Central console. For example, after issuing a Start Scan Now task, which can take several minutes to complete, you can proceed with other tasks and then refer to the Command Tracking screen to query and view the status of the issued command. For more information about querying and viewing commands, see Querying and Viewing Commands. The following table describes the command information that displays on the Command Tracking screen. Column Name Description Issued The date and time when the Trend Micro Apex Central server issued the command to the managed product Command The type of command issued by the Trend Micro Apex Central server User The name of the user who triggered the command Successful The number of managed products that completed the command Click the count in the Successful column to view more detailed information about the command. For more information, see Command Details. Unsuccessful The number of managed products unable to perform the command Click the count in the Unsuccessful column to view more detailed information about the command. For more information, see Command Details. In Progress The number of managed products that are currently performing the command Click the count in the In Progress column to view more detailed information about the command. For more information, see Command Details. All The total number of managed products to which Trend Micro Apex Central issued the command Click the count in the All column to view more detailed information about the command. For more information, see Command Details. Related information Querying and Viewing Commands © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base