---
id: compliance-management
title: Compliance Management
sidebar_label: Compliance Management
description: Compliance Management
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Compliance Management Trend Vision One Compliance Management offers a centralized compliance overview for the platform, endpoint, and email security layers in your environment. Note Compliance Management identifies gaps and measures progress towards compliance with a framework or standard, but does not provide certification or guarantee compliance. The security layers and remediation actions mapped to each control do not necessarily represent that of the standard or framework authority, and are not equivalent to the related security controls. Use Compliance Management (Cyber Risk Exposure Management → Compliance Management) to identify configuration gaps in your organization and measure progress towards compliance with a specific framework or standard. Compliance Management provides a centralized overview of your connected data sources and the pass rate of your organization’s configurations for each security layer. The pass rate (percentage) is calculated as the total number of passes out of all checks made by Compliance Management on your resources included in the filtered criteria. A pass is defined as a Trend Micro feature or a setting being enabled and configured according to the controls of a selected framework or standard. A fail is defined as a Trend Micro feature that is not enabled or a setting that is not enabled and configured according to the controls of a selected framework or standard. The displayed pass and fail percentages are dependent on your selected filters, the data access you have provided on your resources (or have been provided by your organization administrator), and the controls which Compliance Management is able to check for on resources (which does not include organizational processes and other exclusions). The following table lists the options available in Compliance Management. Option Description View compliance summary and analysis results On the Compliance Management screen and on the Overview tab of the Framework details screen, see the Compliance Summary and Analysis Results of the security layers in your organization. Create a custom framework or controls Create custom frameworks or controls tailored to your specific industry requirements and ensure more relevant and effective compliance checks, greatly reducing the need for manual compliance audits. On the Overview screen, click Create custom framework to begin creating a new custom framework. View the selected frameworks and standards summary On the Overview screen, see the Selected Frameworks and Standards summary for an overview of the pass rate for your selected frameworks, standards, and contributing data sources. Click Add more data sources to add more data sources for a comprehensive overview. Check your organization’s configurations Compliance Management checks your organization’s configurations against selected frameworks and standards once every 24 hours. Click Check configurations to manually check the security configurations used by your organization. Note Manual checks for some configurations might take one day to be reflected accurately in pass and fail rates. Manage your organization's selected frameworks and configurations Click Settings on the left navigation panel and select Select frameworks and standards from the drop-down menu to add or remove compliance frameworks for compliance analysis. Click Settings on the left navigation panel and select Manage configurations from the drop-down menu to manually enable or disable configurations. Generate a report of all available analysis results On the Compliance Analysis tab, click Manage reports and select a report template to generate a report of all available analysis results for a selected framework or standard. View a detailed compliance analysis On the Framework details screen, click any number or the Compliance Analysis tab to see more details about your compliance analysis for the selected framework or standard. Generate a compliance report for any framework or standard with Trend Companion in CSV or PDF format On the Framework details screen for any selected framework or standard, click to open Trend Companion and generate a CSV or PDF report. Related information Get started with Compliance Management Overview screen Framework details screen Create asset groups and assign asset tags © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base