---
id: compliance-asset-groups-tags
title: Create asset groups and assign asset tags
sidebar_label: Create asset groups and assign asset tags
description: Create asset groups and assign asset tags
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Create asset groups and assign asset tags Learn how to create asset groups and assign asset tags to your endpoint assets. Procedure Go to Service Management → Asset Group Management. On the Asset Group Management screen, click Get started to create your first asset group. Hover over the organization node and click the icon to add an asset group. Note For more information, see Create an asset group. Type a name and assign an asset group tag value to the assets in the group. Assign an asset group tag value or select an existing value from the drop-down list. Note Tag values must be unique. You can only select tag values that are not already in use in another asset group. Type a Description of the asset group. Click Save. Go to Cyber Risk Exposure Management → Attack Surface Discovery. Open the Manage Tags screen. Tip The following actions can be used to open the Manage Tags screen: Select one or more assets from the asset list and click Manage Tags. Hover over the name of an asset on the asset profile screen, select the Custom Tags tab, and click Manage Tags. Go to a specific asset profile and click Manage Tags in the sidebar. Go to Endpoint Security → Endpoint Inventory, select any of the available endpoints and click Manage tags. On the Manage Tags screen in the Available tags list, select any of the available asset group tag values that you assigned to your groups. Click the right arrow to move the tags to Tags assigned to all selected assets. Click Save. Note For more information, see Custom asset tags. Go to Cyber Risk Exposure Management → Compliance Management. On the Overview tab, click View asset group pass rates.The Asset Group Pass Rates by Framework or Standard window appears. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base