---
id: comp-mgmt-overview-screen
title: Overview screen
sidebar_label: Overview screen
description: Overview screen
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Overview screen Learn about the available options on the Compliance Management overview screen. The following table outlines the actions available on the Overview screen for all selected frameworks and standards. Action Description Check your organization's security configurations against your selected frameworks and standards Click Check configurations to perform a manual check. Select frameworks and standards Click Frameworks and standards to select the compliance frameworks and standards that your organization uses. Create a custom framework or controls Click Create custom framework to begin creating a new custom framework and controls tailored to your specific industry requirements and ensure more relevant and effective compliance checks. Manage your organization's selected frameworks and configurations Click Settings on the left navigation panel and select Select frameworks and standards from the drop-down menu to add or remove compliance frameworks for compliance analysis. Click Settings on the left navigation panel and select Manage configurations from the drop-down menu to manually enable or disable configurations. View compliance summary and analysis View the compliance summary and analysis results of the security layers in your organization compared to the selected framework or standard. View widgets for more details about your compliance summary The following widgets are available: Summary widget Pass Rate by Security Layer widget Pass Rate by Security Layer Over Time widget Click any pass or fail number to view more details. View asset group pass rates for your endpoint assets Click View asset group pass rates to display the pass rates for your tagged endpoints. For more information, see Create asset groups and assign asset tags. Note If no assets are tagged, the displayed pass rate is calculated from your platform level configurations. Generate a compliance report for any framework or standard with Trend Companion in CSV or PDF format On the Framework details screen for any selected framework or standard, click to open Trend Companion and generate a CSV or PDF report. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base