---
id: configure-device-control
title: Configure Device Control
sidebar_label: Configure Device Control
description: Configure Device Control
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Configure Device Control About Device Control The Device Control module regulates access to external storage devices that are connected to computers. Device Control helps prevent data leaks and, combined with file scanning, helps guard against security risks. Device Control's enforcement setting (in a policy or computer's Device Control tab) can be set to three options for each supported device type which from unlimited to restricted is "Full-Access", "Read-Only", and "Block". Actions against a specific device type will be taken when that type of device is connected to the protected endpoint. If a user's action triggers the violation, Device Control events will be sent to Server & Workload Protection Console (in Events & Reports > Events > Device Control Events). Exceptions can be added to a policy or a computer (in the computer's Device Control tab > Exceptions) to allow for full access for the device even when the action is set to "Read-Only" or "Block". To enable and configure Device Control, see Set up Device Control. Device Control protocols Actions against device type When Device Control is enabled, each device type is assigned a "protocol," the permissions users have when they access it. Protocol Read Copy Exclude Write Delete Full-Access ✔ ✔ ✔ ✔ ✔ Read-Only ✔ ✔ ✖ ✖ ✖ Block ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✖ USB Autorun Device Control allows you to prevent the execution of USB autorun when a USB device is connected to a computer. Set up Device Control Go to Policies. (Alternatively, to enable it on a specific computer, go to the computer's Device Control tab.) Double-click the policy for which you want to enable Device Control. Select Device Control > General. For Device Control State, select On. Select Save. Configure protocols The following table shows available action settings for each device type. Available setting Description USB Mass Storage Note This feature is supported by Deep Security Agent 20.0.0-4959+ for Windows and 20.0.158+ for macOS. Full Access Read Only Block Configure access policy of USB devices USB AutoRun Function Note This is not currently supported by the agent for macOS. Allow Block Allow or block USB device auto run Mobile (MTP/PTP) Note This is not currently supported by the agent for macOS and Windows Server Core. Allow Block Configure access policy of USB mobile device Configure USB Device Exceptions Create new device To allow access to specific USB devices when USB Mass Storage is set to "Block" or "Read Only", set exception rules. For each exception rule, type a name, then specify "Vendor", "Model" and "Serial Number". An access violation will be bypassed if the access matches the "Vendor," "Model," and "Serial Number" in exception rules. For information on USB devices, visit this page: https://success.trendmicro.com/dcx/s/solution/000286159?language=en_US Select existing devices Existing devices can appear in multiple policies. To include existing devices in a policy, click Select existing devices in lists and select the relevant devices. Device Control event tagging The events generated by the Device Control module are displayed in the Server & Workload Protection console, under Events & Reports > Device Control Events. Event tagging can help you to sort events and determine which events need to be investigated further and which events are legitimate. You can manually apply tags to events by right-clicking the event and then clicking Add Tag(s). You can choose to apply the tag to only the selected event or to any similar Device Control events. You can also use the auto-tagging feature to group and label multiple events. To configure this feature in the Server & Workload Protection console, go to Events and Reports > Device Control Events > Auto-Tagging > New Trusted Source. There are three sources that you can use to perform the tagging: A Local Trusted Computer. The Trend Micro Certified Safe Software Service. A Trusted Common Baseline, which is a set of file states collected from a group of computers. For more information on event tagging, see Apply tags to identify and group events. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base