---
id: configure-mobile-compliance-policy
title: Configure mobile compliance policies
sidebar_label: Configure mobile compliance policies
description: Configure mobile compliance policies
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Configure mobile compliance policies Use compliance policies to flag devices that do not meet the specified criteria and potentially perform automatic actions on noncompliant devices. Procedure Go to Mobile SecurityMobile Compliance Policies. On the Mobile Compliance Policies screen, click Create and choose the operating system you want this compliance policy to apply to. You can only create compliance policies per operating system and settings differ based on operating system. Under General, specify a policy name of 1 to 30 characters, type a policy description, and click Next. For Android devices, you also select a Device type: User-owned devices with a work profile Company-owned, fully-managed and dedicated devices Under Compliance Settings, specify the compliance policy criteria and click Next. Note Devices that match the criteria specified here are deemed compliant. Refer to the following topics to find the available compliance criteria for each operating system and device type: Android compliance policy criteria (user-owned devices with a work profile) Android compliance policy criteria (company-owned, fully managed, and dedicated devices) iOS compliance policy criteria Under Actions, specify the actions to apply automatically to noncompliant devices and click Next. By default, each device compliance policy includes the action to mark a device as noncompliant if it fails to meet the criteria. Under Assignment, assign the policy to your assignment groups by selecting one or more groups and clicking Save. The users or devices targeted by your policy are evaluated for compliance when they check in with Mobile Security. Related information Android compliance policy criteria (user-owned devices with a work profile) Android compliance policy criteria (company-owned, fully managed, and dedicated devices) iOS compliance policy criteria © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base