---
id: configure-component-update-settings
title: Configure component update settings
sidebar_label: Configure component update settings
description: Configure component update settings
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Configure component update settings Enable automatic patching and updates and configure the alert threshold for delayed updates. You can configure automatic updates for rule patches and Anti-Malware engine updates. You can also configure alerts in case your endpoint agents fail to apply component updates within a specified time limit. Use the following steps to configure your automatic component updates settings for Server & Workload Protection. Procedure Enable automatic patches for rules. Go to either Computers or Policies. Open the computer or policy you want to configure. Go to Settings → General. Under the section Send Policy Changes Immediately, locate Automatically send Policy changes to computers and select Yes. Selecting No requires rule updates to be manually downloaded and applied. Click Save. Go to Administration → System Settings → Updates. Under the section Rules, select Automatically apply Rule Updates to Policies. Enable automatic Anti-Malware engine updates. Important Relays always receive the latest Anti-Malware engine updates regardless of the configured settings. This ensures the local protection and engine update source for the same relay group is up to date. Updates cannot be enabled or disabled directly on a relay. Go to either Computers or Policies. Open the computer or policy you want to configure. Go to Settings → General. Under the section Engine Update, locate Automatically update anti-malware engine and select Yes. Click Save. If the setting is disabled, go to Updates. Under Component Updates in the Anti-Malware table, locate Advanced Threat Scan Engine. Verify the Is Latest status displays N/A. Configure alert settings for pending or late component updates. If an agent downloads an update but has not applied the update after a set duration, the system generates an alert. For pattern updates, the default setting is one hour. Go to Administration → System Settings → Alerts. Locate Length of time an Update can be pending before raising an Alert and select the time limit in days. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base