---
id: configure-syslog-forwarding
title: Configuring Syslog Forwarding
sidebar_label: Configuring Syslog Forwarding
description: Configuring Syslog Forwarding
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Configuring Syslog Forwarding Use the Syslog Settings screen to configure Trend Micro Apex Central to forward supported logs to a syslog server. For more information, see the following topics: Disabling Syslog Forwarding Supported Log Types and Formats Procedure Go to Administration → Settings → Syslog Settings. The Syslog Settings screen appears. Select the Enable syslog forwarding check box. Configure the following settings for the server that receives the forwarded syslogs: Server address: Syslog server IP address or FQDN Port: Syslog server port number Protocol: Select the transmission protocol Note If SSL/TLS is selected, Trend Micro Apex Central accepts valid self-signed certificates by default. If the server certificate contains a Subject Alternative Name, the Subject Alternative Name must contain the server FQDN or IP address. For additional security, use a valid server certificate or upload the server certificate to Trend Micro Apex Central. (Optional) To upload a server certificate: Important Trend Micro Apex Central only supports server certificates in X.509 format with .DER or .PEM encoding. Trend Micro Apex Central only supports uploading server certificates for SSL/TLS transmissions. Select the Use server certificate check box. Click Select to select the server certificate from your computer. Click Open. Trend Micro Apex Central uploads the selected server certificate. Select the log format: CEF: Uses the standard Common Event Format (CEF) for log messages Apex Central format: Sets the syslog Facility code to "Local0" and the Severity code to "Notice" For more information, see Supported Log Types and Formats. Configure the frequency for when Trend Micro Apex Central forwards the logs. Select the log type(s) to forward: Select a log category from the Log type drop-down list: Note You can select log types from multiple log categories. Security logs Product information Select the check box(es) for the log(s) you want to forward. Trend Micro Apex Central displays the total number of selected log types next to the Log type drop-down list. (Optional) Select another log category from Log type drop-down list to select additional logs types to forward. (Optional) Click Test Connection to test the server connection. Note Testing the connection does not save the syslog server settings. The syslog server connection status appears at the top of the screen. Click Save. Trend Micro Apex Central starts forwarding logs to the configured syslog server. To monitor the log forwarding status, go to Administration → Command Tracking and select Forward Syslog from the Command drop-down list. For more information, see Querying and Viewing Commands. Related information Disabling Syslog Forwarding Supported Log Types and Formats © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base