---
id: conformity-aws-data-source-setup
title: Conformity AWS data source setup
sidebar_label: Conformity AWS data source setup
description: Conformity AWS data source setup
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Conformity AWS data source setup Procedure For customers that do not already have Conformity, sign up for a free trial. Go to the sign up form.https://cloudone.trendmicro.com/trial Provide all the required information and complete the reCAPTCHA. Agree to the terms and conditions, privacy notice, and data collection notice. Click Sign Up. Click the Verify Email link in the confirmation email sent to your business email account. Sign in to activate your Trend Cloud One console. Allow a few moments to provision your new console. Specify an Account Alias for your account. You can change your alias later using the console. Specify the Region in which Trend Cloud One stores all of your data. Click Continue. Create your Conformity account in AWS. Click Conformity. Click AWS Account and click Next. Specify the Account name and Environment, and click Next. Choose the Automated setup (recommended) authentication type, which uses CloudFormation to enable Cross-Account Access, delegating access to your resources from your Conformity account using a predefined policy. Note Advanced users can perform a Manual setup and delegate access to your resources from your Conformity account using a custom policy. For more information, consult your Trend Cloud One - Conformity online help. Sign in to your target AWS account in another browser tab. Download and review the CloudFormation template. The CloudFormation template contains information about all the read-only permissions that Conformity requires to analyze your AWS environment. Click the Launch Stack button to switch to your AWS browser window and display the Create Stack screen. Important Do not modify the automatically populated AccountId and ExternalId fields. Enable the I acknowledge that AWS CloudFormation might create IAM resources with custom names check box. Click Create. Allow a few moments for the process to complete. On the CloudConformity screen that appears, expand the Outputs section. Copy the CloudConformityRoleArn value. Switch back to your Conformity browser window and paste the value in the ARN field. Click Next. Allow a few moments for the process to complete. Connect Conformity with Cyber Risk Exposure Management using an API Key. Go to the home screen of the Trend Cloud One console, and click Administration. In the left menu, click API Keys. Click New. Specify the API Key Alias. In Role, select Full Access. Click Next. Copy the API Key immediately. Important You cannot access the API Key again after closing the dialog. Copy and store the API Key in a safe location. In the Trend Vision One console, open the Trend Cloud One - Conformity Data Source panel. Paste the API Key from Conformity in the API Key field. Acknowledge that your Conformity data may be transferred to another data center based on the Trend Vision One data center. Click Save. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base