---
id: configuring-reports
title: Configuring reports
sidebar_label: Configuring reports
description: Configuring reports
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Configuring reports Create or edit one-time or recurring reports based on templates. You can track the report generation process and download the completed report on the Generated Reports tab. Procedure In Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection, go to Reports. To configure a new one-time report, go to the One-Time Reports tab. To configure a scheduled report, go to the Scheduled Reports tab and click New Schedule. Configure the General Settings. For a scheduled report, turn on the status toggle to enable the schedule. Specify a Name to identify the report. Note PDF format reports use the report name as the title of the report which appears on the cover page. For a scheduled report, set the frequency for generating the report. Note Reports configured to start on the 29th, 30th, or 31st automatically start on the last day of the current month if the specified day does not exist. Type a Description to identify the report. Select an organization or all organizations to generate the report for. Select the services to include in the report. The report includes data only for services to which you have granted Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection access. Configure the Report Content. Select or view the data period for generating the report. For a one-time report, select a fixed data period or specify the data period as needed. Yesterday: data of the previous calendar date Last week: data of the previous week from Sunday to Saturday Last month: data of the previous calendar month Last 6 months: data of the previous six calendar months Last year: data of the previous calendar year Custom period: Select a specific range of hours, days, or months to generate data. Note A minimum selection of two hours, days, or months is required. By hours: You can select up to 24 hours within the past 180 days. By days: You can select up to 31 days within the past 180 days. By months: You can select up to 12 months, starting from January of the previous years to the current month. For a scheduled report, view the data period, which depends on the frequency you selected. For a daily report, the data period is the previous calendar date of the scheduled generation time. For a weekly report, the data period is the previous week (Sunday through Saturday) of the scheduled generation time. For a monthly report, the data period is the previous calendar month of the scheduled generation time. Select the sections to include in the report. The Total Scans and Detections section is always selected. Configure the Report Format. The report is currently available in PDF. Configure the cover page customization for the PDF report. Setting Description Description on cover A description of the report on the cover page Company name Your company name Company logo Your company logo Image must be a JPEG or PNG file that does not exceed 200 KB in size. Image dimensions must be within 180 x 60 px. Trend Micro logo The Trend Micro t-ball logo and Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection product name Save settings for future reports Select this option when you want to reuse the PDF settings when creating new reports. To send a notification email when report generation completes, configure the Notification settings. (Optional) Click Reset if you want to reset the settings to their defaults. (Optional) Click View PDF Sample to preview the PDF report format. Click Create. One-time report generation starts immediately after you click Create. Scheduled report generation starts on the next scheduled time based on the schedule settings. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base