---
id: configuring-network-sensors-ddd
title: Configure Network Sensors with Deep Discovery Director
sidebar_label: Configure Network Sensors with Deep Discovery Director
description: Configure Network Sensors with Deep Discovery Director
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Configure Network Sensors with Deep Discovery Director To access Network Analytics reports from the Workbench app, you must first configure specific product settings. Procedure In the Trend Vision One console, go to Network Security → Network Inventory. Click the console icon () to access the Deep Discovery Director console. In the Deep Discovery Director console, go to Administration → Network Analytics → Connected Sources. Select one or more appliances and then click Configure. In the Status column, click the toggle to enable the appliance as a data source. Note While there is no limit on the number of Deep Discovery Inspector appliances you can enable, the total combined Bandwidth cannot exceed the available Bandwidth capacity. Select whether to use the appliance proxy settings. Click Save. Add the following addresses and ports to your firewall exception list. Address and port Description api.xdr.trendmicro.com:443 Allows you to connect to Trend Vision One api-cert.xdr.trendmicro.com:443 Allows Deep Discovery Director to receive certificate updates from Trend Vision One xlogr-ue1.xdr.trendmicro.com:443 Allows Deep Discovery Inspector to send data to Trend Vision One xlogr-ec1.xdr.trendmicro.com:443 xlogr-ane1.xdr.trendmicro.com:443 xlogr-ase1.xdr.trendmicro.com:443 api.nacloud.trendmicro.com:443 Allows Deep Discovery Inspector to access Deep Discovery Director - Network Analytics as a Service api.us.nacloud.trendmicro.com:443 api.eu.nacloud.trendmicro.com:443 api.sg.nacloud.trendmicro.com:443 api.jp.nacloud.trendmicro.com:443 © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base