---
id: configuring-dlp-rules
title: Configuring Data Loss Prevention Rules
sidebar_label: Configuring Data Loss Prevention Rules
description: Configuring Data Loss Prevention Rules
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Configuring Data Loss Prevention Rules Note Data Loss Prevention processes rules and templates by priority. If a rule is set to Pass, Data Loss Prevention processes the next rule in the list. If a rule is set to Block or User Justification, Data Loss Prevention blocks or accepts the user action and does not process that rule/template further. Procedure Select Enable this rule. Specify a name for the rule. Configure the template settings: Click the Template tab. Select templates from the Available templates list and then click Add. When selecting templates: Select multiple entries by clicking the template names which highlights the name. Use the search feature if you have a specific template in mind. You can type the full or partial name of the template. Note Each rule can contain a maximum of 200 templates. Configure the channel settings: Click the Channel tab. Select the channels for the rule. For details about channels, see Network Channels and System and Application Channels. If you selected any of the network channels, select the transmission scope: All transmissions Only transmissions outside the Local Area Network See Transmission Scope and Targets for Network Channels for details on transmission scope, how targets work depending on the transmission scope, and how to define targets correctly. If you selected Email clients: Click Exceptions. Specify monitored and non-monitored internal email domains. For details on monitored and non-monitored email domains, see Email Clients. If you selected Removable storage: Click Exceptions. Add non-monitored removable storage devices, identifying them by their vendors. The device model and serial ID are optional. The approved list for USB devices supports the use of the asterisk (*) wildcard. Replace any field with the asterisk (*) to include all devices that satisfy the other fields. For example, [vendor]-[model]-* places all USB devices from the specified vendor and the specified model type, regardless of serial ID, to the approved list. To add more devices, click the plus (+) icon. Configure the action settings: Click the Action tab. Select a primary action and any additional actions. For details about actions, see Data Loss Prevention Actions. After configuring the Template, Channel, and Action settings, click Save. Related information Transmission Scope and Targets for Network Channels Network Channels System and Application Channels Device List Tool Data Loss Prevention Actions © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base