---
id: configuring-synch-ad
title: Configuring Active Directory Synchronization
sidebar_label: Configuring Active Directory Synchronization
description: Configuring Active Directory Synchronization
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Configuring Active Directory Synchronization Synchronize endpoint and user information from your Active Directory by running the Active Directory synchronization tool on any Windows endpoint that can connect to the Active Directory server. Note Trend Micro Apex Central supports synchronization with multiple Active Directory forests. Adding an Active Directory domain automatically synchronizes all domains from the same forest. For more information about forest trusts, contact your Active Directory administrator. Procedure Go to Administration → Settings → Active Directory and Compliance Settings. Click the Active Directory Settings tab. Select Enable Active Directory synchronization. Click Save. Download the Active Directory synchronization tool. WARNING Clicking Download the Active Directory synchronization tool will deactivate any previously downloaded Active Directory synchronization tools and stop synchronizing Active Directory servers configured using the deactivated tool. Click the Download the Active Directory synchronization tool link. The file MD5 hash value for the synchronization agent appears. Save the Apex_Central_ADSyncAgent_*.zip file. Extract the Apex_Central_ADSyncAgent_*.zip file. Execute the synchronization tool on any Windows endpoint that can connect to the Active Directory server. Important Ensure that .NET Framework 4.6.1 is installed on the Windows endpoint before executing the tool. Open a command prompt. Use the following command to locate the directory which contains the ADSyncAgentTool.exe file: cd <Apex_Central_ADSyncAgent_directory> Important Make sure the file path for the synchronization tool contains only printable ASCII characters. Configure Active Directory server settings by executing the following command: ADSyncAgentTool.exe -i (Optional) Configure proxy server settings by executing the following command: ADSyncAgentTool.exe -p Synchronize configured servers manually by executing the following command: ADSyncAgentTool.exe -s Note You may also use Windows Task Scheduler to synchronize configured servers using a scheduled task that has a time interval of at least 2 hours between each task repetition. For more information, refer to the Microsoft documentation. Verify the Active Directory synchronization. Go to Administration → Settings → Active Directory and Compliance Settings. Click the Active Directory Settings tab. The synchronized server information appears. Note The Active Directory server connection status icon ( or ) appears in front of the server address. You may also use the Command Tracking screen to monitor the synchronization status. To remove a synchronized Active Directory server: Clear the Enable Active Directory synchronization check box. Click Clear Data to purge the Trend Vision One server of data from the removed Active Directory server. Trend Vision One removes the synchronized Active Directory server. Note Clicking Clear Data triggers a scheduled task, which runs every 2 minutes, to purge all data of the removed Active Directory servers from the Apex Central database. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base