---
id: configure-dns-round-robin
title: Configuring DNS round-robin mode as a load balancing method for use with multiple Internet Access on-premises gateways
sidebar_label: Configuring DNS round-robin mode as a load balancing method for use with multiple Internet Access on-premises gateways
description: Configuring DNS round-robin mode as a load balancing method for use with multiple Internet Access on-premises gateways
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Configuring DNS round-robin mode as a load balancing method for use with multiple Internet Access on-premises gateways Configure DNS round-robin mode to support load balancing among multiple Internet Access on-premises gateways for the authentication proxy. DNS round-robin mode is a simple load balancing method that does not use dedicated hardware or software. Instead, multiple IP addresses are assigned to a single host name on the DNS nameserver. When queried for an IP address, the DNS server returns the next IP address in the cycle, evenly distributing requests. Important Before you begin: Determine the IP addresses of the on-premises gateways you wish to use when load balancing. Ensure you have access to the DNS server and permission to modify DNS records. Procedure Sign in to your DNS management platform using an account with administrative privileges. Choose the domain you wish to use as the address for load balancing. Add an A record pointing to each on-premises gateway IP address you wish to load balance.Using the domain authproxy.example.com as your load balancing address, you wish to balance loads among on-premises gateways with the IP addresses 192.0.2.1, 192.0.2.2, and 192.0.2.3. You must create three new DNS records with the following information. Host name Record type IP address authproxy.example.com A 192.0.2.1 authproxy.example.com A 192.0.2.2 authproxy.example.com A 192.0.2.3 From the command line, run the nslookup tool to ensure the new DNS records are properly configured. nslookup authproxy.example.com The first configured IP address is returned. Run the nslookup tool several more times to ensure the next IP addresses in the cycle are returned. When configuring multiple on-premises gateways for use as the Internet Access authentication proxy, specify the domain used for the A records as the load balancer address. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base