---
id: configuring-dlp-policy
title: Configuring a Data Loss Prevention Policy
sidebar_label: Configuring a Data Loss Prevention Policy
description: Configuring a Data Loss Prevention Policy
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Configuring a Data Loss Prevention Policy Procedure Click the External Agents tab to configure a policy for external agents or the Internal Agents tab to configure a policy for internal agents. Note Configure agent location settings if you have not done so. Agents use these location settings to determine the correct Data Loss Prevention policy to apply. Select Enable Data Loss Prevention. Choose one of the following: If you are on the External Agents tab, you can apply all Data Loss Prevention settings to internal agents by selecting Apply all settings to internal agents. If you are on the Internal Agents tab, you can apply all Data Loss Prevention settings to external agents by selecting Apply all settings to external agents. Manage the rules that Data Loss Prevention applies to the policy un the Rules tab. Task Description Add a new rule Click Add to create a rule that applies to the policy. For more information, see Configuring Data Loss Prevention Rules. Copy existing rule settings Select an existing rule and click Copy to open the Data Loss Prevention Policy Settings screen. Modify the rule settings as required. Delete existing rules Select an existing rule and click Delete to remove the rule from the list. Modify existing rules Click the Rule name of an existing rule to modify settings. Enable/Disable existing rules Click the button under the Enable column to enable or disable a rule for the policy. Note A policy can contain a maximum of 40 rules. Click the Exceptions tab and configure any necessary exception settings. For more information, see Data Loss Prevention Exceptions. Related information Configuring Data Loss Prevention Rules Data Loss Prevention Exceptions © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base