---
id: configure-service-gateway-setting
title: Configure Service Gateway settings
sidebar_label: Configure Service Gateway settings
description: Configure Service Gateway settings
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Configure Service Gateway settings Configure update settings and manage the Service Gateway certificate. Procedure Go to Workflow and Automation → Service Gateway Management. On the Service Gateway Management (Legacy) tab, find the Service Gateway and click the gear icon in the Action column. The Service Gateway Settings panel appears. To enable or disable a service, toggle the switch next to the service name. Service Supported products Description ActiveUpdate Apex One / OfficeScan 11-14 Deep Discovery Inspector 5.6-6.0 Deep Security 10-20 Serves on-premises Trend Micro products as a local ActiveUpdate server to reduce outgoing internet traffic. Smart Protection Services For more information on Smart Protection Services support, see Smart Protection Services product support. Leverages file reputation and web reputation technology to detect security risks. On-premises Trend Micro products can perform queries against the Service Gateway virtual appliance, which provides Smart Protection either through the local Smart Protection Server on the virtual appliance or as a reverse proxy. Suspicious Object List synchronization Deep Discovery Inspector version 5.8 SP1 to 6.7 Deep Discovery Analyzer 7.1 and above TippingPoint Security Management System 5.5 and above Requires an API key. To obtain the key, go to Workflow and Automation → Service Gateway Management and click Manage API Key. Supports the sharing of Suspicious Object lists between Trend Vision One and on-premises Trend Micro products. Third-party intelligence synchronization For more information on integrating third-party applications, see Third-Party Integration. Shares threat intelligence from Trend Vision One with third-party applications or retrieves threat intelligence from third-party applications. TippingPoint log forwarding TippingPoint Security Management System 5.5 Patch 1 and above Requires an API key. To obtain the key, go to Workflow and Automation → Service Gateway Management and click Manage API Key. Supports forwarding logs to Trend Vision One for correlation and analysis. Active Directory connection Active Directory services (on-premises) supported on the following Windows operating systems: Windows Server 2025 Windows Server 2022 Windows Server 2019 Windows Server 2016 Windows Server 2012 Windows Server 2008 R2 For more information, see Third-Party Integration. Supports sharing objects and activity data from Active Directory servers with Trend Vision One. Forward proxy Trend Vision One endpoints with the following operating systems: Windows macOS Allows endpoints with no direct access to the internet to use the service gateway as a proxy to reach Trend Vision One. Agents deployed using the installation package prioritize connecting to a Service Gateway with Forward proxy enabled over other proxy options. For more information, see Agent Installer Proxy Settings. If you are using a deployment script to deploy your agents, you must configure the script to use the Service Gateway with Forward proxy enabled. For more information, see Run the deployment script. Once you have enabled ActiveUpdate or Smart Protection Services, configure your Trend Micro product with the addresses listed on the Service Gateway details screen. To view the addresses, click the Service Gateway name on the Service Gateway Management (Legacy) screen and click View server addresses under ActiveUpdate or Smart Protection Services. To set up scheduled update for connected products' components, select Product Component Update and specify how often to perform an update. You can click Configure update sources to add, enable, or disable a source for your product. To set up automatic update for the Service Gateway, select Automatic update and specify the preferred update time. To prevent the update from using up network bandwidth, set limits by selecting Restrict download speed and Restrict upload speed. To upload a certificate, click Import certificate. Note The certificate must contain both RSA PRIVATE KEY and CERTIFICATE. Only PKCS#1 certificates are supported. Click Save. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base