---
id: configuring-policies
title: Configuring policies
sidebar_label: Configuring policies
description: Configuring policies
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Configuring policies The virus policy, spam policy, Correlated Intelligence policy, content filtering policy and Data Loss Prevention (DLP) policy screens all show a list of the currently defined policy rules and their status. From each screen, you can add a new policy rule and query, reorder, edit, copy, or delete existing policy rules. Note If a policy rule applies to multiple domains and your account only has permission to manage a part of these domains, the policy rule is only visible. You cannot reorder, edit, copy, or delete the policy rule. The policy screens under Inbound Protection and Outbound Protection are technically separate and can be managed independently. To go to the Inbound Protection screen, choose Email and Collaboration Security Operations → Cloud Email Gateway Protection → Inbound Protection. To go to the Outbound Protection screen, choose Email and Collaboration Security Operations → Cloud Email Gateway Protection → Outbound Protection. The policy rules are displayed in a table, sorted by the order in which the policy rules were created by default. Policy Terminology Column Description Order Order in which the policy rules are executed. Status : A policy rule is enabled. : A policy rule is disabled. : A policy rule is locked. Rules Name of the policy rule. Migration Status Status of the policy rule migrated from external systems. Action Action taken if the policy rule's criteria are met. Organization Level Whether the policy rule applies to all email messages sent to or from your organization. Yes: The policy rule applies to all email messages sent to or from your organization. No: The policy rule applies to email messages sent to or from specific users or groups in your organization. For details about the policy rule levels, see Policy rule overview. Modified Timestamp when the policy rule was last modified. Last Used Timestamp of when the policy rule was last used. If the policy rule has not yet been triggered, the value in this column will be Never. Each column's heading can be clicked to sort the list. For example, to re-sort the list alphabetically by Action, click the Action column heading. Related information Policy rule overview Managing policy rules Reordering policy rules Naming and enabling a policy rule Specifying recipients and senders About policy rule scanning criteria About policy rule actions © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base