---
id: config-the-scan-exclusion-lists
title: Configuring Scan Exclusion Lists
sidebar_label: Configuring Scan Exclusion Lists
description: Configuring Scan Exclusion Lists
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Configuring Scan Exclusion Lists For details about Scan Exclusion Lists, see Scan Exclusions. Procedure Select the check box to enable scan exclusion. To configure the Scan Exclusion List (Files): Type a full file path or directory path and click Add. Reminders: It is not possible to type only a file name. You can specify a maximum of 64 paths. See the following table for examples. Path Details Examples Full file path Excludes a specific file on the endpoint Example 1: /file.log Example 2: /System/file.log Directory path Excludes all files located on a specific folder and all its subfolders Example 1: /System/ Examples of files excluded from scans: /System/file.log /System/Library/file.log Examples of files that will be scanned: /Applications/file.log Example 2: /System/Library Examples of files excluded from scans: /System/Library/file.log /System/Library/Filters/file.log Examples of files that will be scanned: /System/file.log Use the asterisk wildcard (*) in place of folder names. See the following table for examples. Path Wildcard Usage Examples Full file path /Users/Mac/*/file.log Examples of files excluded from scans: /Users/Mac/Desktop/file.log /Users/Mac/Movies/file.log Examples of files that will be scanned: /Users/file.log /Users/Mac/file.log Directory path Example 1: /Users/Mac/* Examples of files excluded from scans: /Users/Mac/doc.html /Users/Mac/Documents/doc.html /Users/Mac/Documents/Pics/pic.jpg Examples of files that will be scanned: /Users/doc.html Example 2: /*/Components Examples of files excluded from scans: /Users/Components/file.log /System/Components/file.log Examples of files that will be scanned: /file.log /Users/file.log /System/Files/file.log Partial matching of folder names is not supported. For example, it is not possible to type /Users/*user/temp to exclude files on folder names ending in user, such as end_user or new_user. To delete a path, select it and click Remove. To configure the Scan Exclusion List (File Extensions): Type a file extension without a period (.) and click Add. For example, type pdf. You can specify a maximum of 64 file extensions. To delete a file extension, select it and click Remove. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base