---
id: configuring-taxii-feed
title: Configuring a TAXII feed
sidebar_label: Configuring a TAXII feed
description: Configuring a TAXII feed
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Configuring a TAXII feed You can add or edit a TAXII feed that you want to subscribe to. Procedure Go to Threat Intelligence → Third-Party Intelligence → TAXII Feeds. The TAXII Feeds screen appears. Add or edit a TAXII feed. To add a feed, click Add. To edit a feed, click the feed name. In the General section, complete the following settings: Select the TAXII server version for this feed. Note TAXII 2.0 and 2.1 are supported. The TAXII server version cannot be modified once the feed has been added. Type the discovery uniform resource locator (URL) for this TAXII feed. Select Use CA certificate if the server uses it, and then click Select to locate the CA certificate file. Select Specify authentication credentials if the server requires it, and then type the user name and password used for authentication. Select Server requires client authentication if the server requires it, and then click Select to locate the client certificate file. Type the client certificate passphrase. In the Collections section, complete the following settings: Click Discover to find and select one or more available collections. For each selected collection, click the toggle to enable or disable the Extract and block suspicious objects option. For an enabled option, click and select one or more of the following suspicious object types to extract from the TAXII feed collections and add to the Suspicious Object List: Domain File SHA-1 File SHA-256 IP address Sender address URL By default, Trend Vision One Threat Intelligence adds only STIX indicator objects that are not revoked and have any of the following labels to the Suspicious Object List: anomalous-activity anonymization attribution benign compromised malicious-activity unknown To specify included labels, go to Threat Intelligence → Suspicious Object Management → Default settings For each selected collection, click the toggle to enable or disable the Run an auto sweep option. Enabling this option initiates a one-time sweeping task that runs right after successful subscription to search your historical data for any indicators extracted from the current collection. Only "report" type STIX objects are supported for sweeping. In the Polling criteria section, complete the following settings: Select the frequency at which the TAXII feed is polled for information. Select how far in the past you want to begin polling information from. Click Save. The TAXII feed appears in TAXII Feeds for use in custom intelligence reports. To review the reports generated from your feed subscriptions, go to Threat Intelligence → Intelligence Reports and click the Custom tab. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base