---
id: configuring-managed-android-apps
title: Configure managed mobile apps for Android devices
sidebar_label: Configure managed mobile apps for Android devices
description: Configure managed mobile apps for Android devices
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Configure managed mobile apps for Android devices Add mobile apps to manage from your managed Google Play and configure settings for the apps. Procedure Go to Mobile Security → Managed Mobile Apps. Add an app from Managed Google Play. Choose Add → Managed Google Play app. On the Select an app from Managed Google Play screen, locate and click an app. On the app screen, click Select. The App Details screen appears, displaying basic information about the app. Assign the app to groups and specify app settings for the selected groups. In the Assignments section, click Add Assignment. Select assignment groups to assign the app to and click Next. Select an install type for the app. Force install: The app will be automatically installed on devices. The app cannot be removed after installation. Available: The app will not be automatically installed. It will be available from Managed Google Play for manual installation. Block: The app cannot be searched for in Managed Google Play. If the app has been installed on devices, it will be automatically uninstalled. Specify a default policy for granting device permissions to the app. Grant: Automatically grant permissions without notifying the user. Prompt: Prompt the user to grant or deny permissions. Deny: Automatically deny permissions without notifying the user. Specify the permissions that will override the default permission policy. Click Add Override. On the Permissions screen, select permissions and click Add Permissions. Specify the permission policy for each of the selected permissions. Select the app auto-update priority. Default: Update the app when the impact on the user is minimal. High priority: Update the app as soon as possible. Postpone: Delay the app update for a maximum of 90 days. Pre-configure the app to customize its functions and behavior. Click Add Configuration. Select the app configurations you want to specify and click Add Configurations. Specify the value for each of the selected configurations. The key values support wildcards. Hover over wildcard to check the list of supported wildcards. Click Save. The assignment appears in the Assignments section. Mobile Security starts pushing the app to target devices. To update the app assignment and related settings later, click the assignment group in the Assignments section to make the changes. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base