---
id: config-local-logon-email-security
title: Configuring local account logon
sidebar_label: Configuring local account logon
description: Configuring local account logon
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Configuring local account logon Procedure Go to Administration → End User Management → Logon Methods. In the Local Account Logon section, configure the settings for local account logon. Click the toggle button to enable Local Account Logon. This allows end users to log on to the End User Console with their user name and password of the local managed accounts. Click the toggle button to enforce two-factor authentication. Two-factor authentication adds an extra layer of security to the end user accounts. After enforcing two-factor authentication, end user accounts must provide the following authentication credentials each time they log on to the End User Console: Local account and password A one-time password generated by the Google Authenticator app From the Source of managed accounts drop-down list, select the source of accounts to be managed when end users log on to the End User Console. Aliases synchronized from directories: If you select this option, the logon users will have all the aliases synchronized from LDAP directories as their managed accounts. Manually added accounts: If you select this option, the logon users will have all the accounts they added manually as their managed accounts. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base