---
id: configure-smart-protection-server-
title: Configure the Smart Protection Server
sidebar_label: Configure the Smart Protection Server
description: Configure the Smart Protection Server
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Configure the Smart Protection Server Smart Protection Service for Web Reputation supplies web information required by the Web Reputation module. For more information, see Smart Protection Network - Global Threat Intelligence. To configure Smart Protection Server: Procedure Go to Policies. Double-click the policy you'd like to edit. Click Web Reputation → Smart Protection. Select whether to connect directly to Trend Micro's Smart Protection service: Select Connect directly to Global Smart Protection Service. Optionally select When accessing Global Smart Protection Service, use proxy. Select New from the drop down menu and enter your desired proxy. Or to connect to one or more locally installed Smart Protection Servers: Select Use locally installed Smart Protection Server (ex: "http://[server]:5274"). Enter the Smart Protection Server URL into the field and click Add. To find the Smart Protection Server URL, do one of the following: Log in to the Smart Protection Server, and in the main pane, look under Real Time Status. The Smart Protection Server's HTTP and HTTPS URLs are listed in the Web Reputation row. The HTTPS URL is only supported with agent versions 11.0 and newer. If you have 10.3 or earlier agents, use the HTTP URL. Or If you deployed the Smart Protection Server in AWS, go to the AWS CloudFormation service, select the check box next to the Smart Protection Server stack, and in the bottom pane, click the Outputs tab. The Smart Protection Server's HTTP and HTTPS URLs appear in the WRSurl and WRSHTTPSurl fields. The WRSHTTPSurl is only supported with agent versions 11.0 and newer. If you have 10.3 or earlier agents, use the WRSurl URL. Optionally select When off domain, connect to global Smart Protection Service. (Windows only). Configure the Smart Protection Server Connection Warning. This option determines whether error events are generated and alerts are raised if a computer loses its connection to the Smart Protection Server. Select either Yes or No and click Save. Note If you have a locally installed Smart Protection Server, this option should be set to Yes on at least one computer so that you are notified if there is a problem with the Smart Protection Server itself. Click Save. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base