---
id: configuring-euq-settings
title: Configuring end user quarantine settings
sidebar_label: Configuring end user quarantine settings
description: Configuring end user quarantine settings
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Configuring end user quarantine settings By default, both envelope addresses and message sender addresses are shown in the quarantine list on the End User Console and in the quarantine digest notifications. Each envelope address is followed by the corresponding message header address in parentheses, in the format Envelope@example.com (Header@example.com). For incoming email messages quarantined for a specific reason, you can choose to let end users view them and take action on the End User Console and in the quarantine digest notifications. Quarantined outgoing messages are always invisible to end users. Procedure In the Sender Address Type section, specify the type of sender addresses shown on the End User Console and in the quarantine digest notifications. Envelope addresses Message header addresses Note If Message header addresses is selected on this screen, Trend Micro recommends you also select it on the Inbound Protection → Connection Filtering → Sender Filter → Sender Filter Settings screen. Otherwise, the approved or blocked senders added by end users will not work as expected. In the Quarantined Message Permissions section, specify the permissions that end users will have on the email messages quarantined for a specific reason. For more information about the quarantine reason, see Querying the quarantine. By default, the View and Take Action permissions are selected for Spam and Graymail. If you specify the Take Action permission for messages quarantined for a specific reason, the View permission will be automatically selected. Note The "Deliver", "Delete", and "Block Sender" actions are available for messages quarantined for all reasons listed. The "Approve Sender" action, however, is available only for messages quarantined for the reasons under the Spam Filtering category. For more information, see Configuring approved and blocked sender lists. Click Save. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base