---
id: configuring-managed-ios-apps
title: Configure managed mobile apps for iOS/iPadOS devices
sidebar_label: Configure managed mobile apps for iOS/iPadOS devices
description: Configure managed mobile apps for iOS/iPadOS devices
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Configure managed mobile apps for iOS/iPadOS devices Add mobile apps to manage from Apple's App Store and configure settings for the apps. Procedure Go to Mobile Security → Managed Mobile Apps. Add an app from Apple's App Store. Choose Add → iOS/iPadOS store app. On the Select an app from Apple's App Store screen, type the name of an app to search for the app. In the search result, click Select next to the app. The App Details screen appears, displaying basic information about the app. Assign the app to groups and specify app settings for the selected groups. In the Assignments section, click Add Assignment. Select assignment groups to assign the app to and click Next. Select an install type for the app. Prompt to install: Users will be prompted to install the app on devices. Force remove: The app will be automatically removed from the devices. Note The option removes an app only when it was pushed by Mobile Security. It does not remove a manually installed app. If you select Prompt to install, configure app settings to control data backup and app removal. When the device is enrolled: Prevent app data backup to iCloud: The app will not backup data to iCloud. Prevent app removal: The app cannot be removed from the device. When the device is unenrolled: Remove app automatically: The app is automatically removed from the device. In the text box under the App configuration section, specify app configuration in XML format to customize the app functions and behavior. Click example format to view an example for the XML data. The key values support wildcards. Hover over wildcard to check the list of supported wildcards. Click Save. The assignment appears in the Assignments section. Mobile Security starts pushing the app to target devices. To update the app assignment and related settings later, click the assignment group in the Assignments section to make the changes. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base