---
id: configure-firewall-sdk
title: Configure Firewall
sidebar_label: Configure Firewall
description: Configure Firewall
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Configure Firewall Configure the Firewall module to define its behavior for a policy. When designing the module's behavior and implementing it using the API, use the background information and guidance that is provided in About Firewall. Policy objects contain two objects that you use to configure the Firewall module: FirewallPolicyExtension: Controls the module state (on or off), identifies the applied firewall rules, and identifies the stateful configuration to use with the module. PolicySettings: Policy settings include many Firewall-related settings that control the runtime behavior of the module, such as the behavior of reconnaissance scans, network engine mode (tap or inline), network engine settings, and event management.Configure Firewall-related policy settings as described in Configure policy and default policy settings. The following JSON represents the data structure of a FirewallPolicyExtension object: { "state": "off", "moduleStatus": {...}, "globalStatefulConfigurationID": 1, "ruleIDs": [...] } The moduleStatus property is read-only. It provides the runtime status of the Firewall module. (See Report on Computer Status). General steps To configure Firewall, use the following general steps: Procedure Create a FirewallPolicyExtension object and set the properties. Create a PolicySettings object to configure runtime settings of the module. Create a Policy object and add the FirewallPolicyExtension and PolicySettings objects. Use a PoliciesApi object to add or update the policy on Server & Workload Protection. Tip If you only need to set a single Firewall-related policy setting, see Configure a single policy or default policy setting. Next steps Create a FirewallPolicyExtension object and set the state and rule IDs: firewall_policy_extension = api.FirewallPolicyExtension() firewall_policy_extension.state = "on" firewall_policy_extension.rule_ids = rule_ids; Next, create a PolicySettings object to configure Firewall-related settings. (For detailed information about policy settings, see Configure policy and default policy settings.) For example, you can enable reconnaissance scans: policy_settings = api.PolicySettings() setting_value = api.SettingValue() setting_value.value = True policy_settings.firewall_setting_reconnaissance_enabled = setting_value At this point, the Firewall policy extension and the policy settings are configured. Next, add them to a Policy object, and use a PoliciesApi object to modify a policy on Server & Workload Protection. policy = api.Policy() policy.firewall = firewall_policy_extension policy.policy_settings = policy_settings policies_api = api.PoliciesApi(api.ApiClient(configuration)) returned_policy = policies_api.modify_policy(policy_id, policy, api_version) The policy_id (or policyID) parameter of modifyPolicy identifies the actual policy on Server & Workload Protection that is to be modified. This policy is modified according to the policy object that is used as the policy parameter. Any properties of the policy parameter that are not set remain unchanged on the actual policy. Example The following example creates a Policy object, modifies its FirewallPolicyExtension, and configures a policy setting. The policy is then updated on Server & Workload Protection. View source policies_api = api.PoliciesApi(api.ApiClient(configuration)) policy = api.Policy() firewall_policy_extension = api.FirewallPolicyExtension() # Turn on firewall firewall_policy_extension.state = "on" # Assign rules firewall_policy_extension.rule_ids = rule_ids; # Add the firewall state to the policy policy.firewall = firewall_policy_extension # Turn on reconnaissance scan policy_settings = api.PolicySettings() setting_value = api.SettingValue() setting_value.value = True policy_settings.firewall_setting_reconnaissance_enabled = setting_value # Add reconnaissance scan state to the policy policy.policy_settings = policy_settings # Modify the policy on Server & Workload Protection return policies_api.modify_policy(policy_id, policy, api_version) Tip Also see the Modify a Policy operation in the API Reference. Tip If you only need to add, remove, or list Firewall rules for a policy, use the PolicyFirewallRuleAssignmentsApi class. The previous example uses the FirewallPolicyExtension, Policy, and PoliciesApi classes to add Firewall rules, but this can also be done using only the PolicyFirewallRuleAssignmentsApi class. For more information, see Policy Firewall Rule Assignments in the Policies section of the API Reference. For information about authenticating API calls, see Authenticate with Server & Workload Protection. Create a firewall rule Generally, to create a Firewall rule you perform the following steps: Procedure Create a FirewallRule object. Set the rule properties. The properties are as described in Create a firewall rule. You can use the API to create related objects that can be used with multiple rules, such as MAC lists, rule contexts, and schedules. See Create and Modify Lists and Create and Configure Schedules. Create a FirewallRulesApi object to create the rule on Server & Workload Protection. Next steps Tip Although Log Inspection rules have different properties than Firewall rules, the way you create the rules are similar. You might find the Create a basic Log Inspection rule example helpful. To use the API to create a Firewall rule, send a POST request to the firewallrules endpoint. (See the Create a Firewall Rule operation in the API Reference.) Limitations to configuring stateful configurations The following properties of stateful configurations are supported only for version 8.0 and earlier agents: ACK storm protection Allow incoming or outgoing passive and active FTP connections Therefore, these properties are not configurable using the API or an SDK. You must use the Server & Workload Protection console to configure these settings. See Define stateful firewall configurations. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base