---
id: configuring-stamps
title: Configuring stamps
sidebar_label: Configuring stamps
description: Configuring stamps
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Configuring stamps You can edit or add a new message stamp. Stamps are inserted into messages when they trigger the policy rule. Typically they contain some standard confidentiality statement or a similar block of text. Policy Rule Tokens/Variables (for example, the name of an attached file) can also be included in the text. To edit or add a new message stamp: Procedure On the Actions page, select Insert stamp in body. Click Edit.The Stamps screen appears, showing a list of available stamps. Click Add or select a stamp from the list and click Edit.The Stamps screen appears, showing details for the stamp. Type a name in the Name field, or edit the exiting name if desired. To exclude TNEF and digitally signed messages from stamping, select Do not stamp message formats that might become corrupted or unreadable, such as digitally signed and Outlook TNEF. Note Cloud Email Gateway Protection recognizes messages signed using the S/MIME standard. The Microsoft TNEF format is used when sending rich text email using the Outlook client. If Cloud Email Gateway Protection tries to insert a stamp into a TNEF-formatted email, the message might become corrupted or unreadable. To prevent this, if your organization uses Outlook to send rich text formatted messages, Cloud Email Gateway Protection enables you to exempt TNEF messages from those actions that might corrupt the message. Select whether to insert the stamp at the beginning or the end of the message body. Specify the stamp content and style as needed with the rich text editor. Cloud Email Gateway Protection provides a predefined style for the stamp indicating Information, Suspicious, or Dangerous risk level. You can either select a risk level and modify the corresponding HTML stamp, or customize your own HTML stamp. As you specify the stamp text and style, Cloud Email Gateway Protection offers a preview of the stamp and generates an automatic plain text version below the rich text editor in real time. The plain text version shows you how the stamp appears to end users who cannot see the HTML version. Cloud Email Gateway Protection provides a predefined style for the stamp that indicates Information, Suspicious, or Dangerous risk level. You can either select a risk level and modify the corresponding HTML stamp, or customize your own HTML stamp. Note Optionally, include variables in your stamps by using the tokens listed in Tokens. As you customize the HTML stamp, Cloud Email Gateway Protection offers a preview of the stamp and automatically generates the corresponding plain text stamp below the rich text editor in real time. When a message triggers the policy rule, the HTML stamp will be inserted into HTML content of the message, and the plain text stamp will be inserted into Plain text content of the message. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base