---
id: configuring-data-sources
title: Configure Cyber Risk Exposure Management data sources
sidebar_label: Configure Cyber Risk Exposure Management data sources
description: Configure Cyber Risk Exposure Management data sources
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Configure Cyber Risk Exposure Management data sources Gain more access to risk indicators across your organization's environment by connecting multiple data sources to Cyber Risk Exposure Management. Trend Vision One allows you to connect multiple Trend Micro or third-party data sources to Cyber Risk Exposure Management in order to gain extra visibility into your organization’s attack surface, risk indicators, and vulnerabilities. The more data sources you connect to Cyber Risk Exposure Management, the more complete a picture you can get of your organization's security posture. Different data sources have different requirements when connecting to Cyber Risk Exposure Management. The following procedure outlines the basic steps required to connect a data source. Procedure Go to Cyber Risk Exposure Management → Threat and Exposure Management. Click the Data sources button in the upper right. Tip You can also access Data sources by clicking the button in Cyber Risk Overview or Attack Surface Discovery, or by going to Workflow and Automation → Data Source and Log Management → Cyber Risk Exposure Management. A list of all Trend Micro and third-party data sources supported by Cyber Risk Exposure Management appears. Click a risk factor to highlight the data sources used to collect data for the specified risk factor. Find and click the data source you wish to connect. A screen appears to explain the data permissions needed and the connection requirements for the specified data source. Important You must have allocated credits, a valid license, or an established account for the Trend Micro or third-party data source you wish to connect. Most Trend Micro data sources must be configured, connected, and managed in the app corresponding to the source. Most third-party data sources must be configured, connected, and managed in Third-Party Integration unless otherwise specified. Once a data source is connected, it may take a few minutes for the data source status to change. The following tables detail the data sources supported by Cyber Risk Exposure Management, the type of data collected from the data source, and the connection method. Trend Vision One XDR Sensors Source Data collected Connection method Endpoint Sensor User, app, and web activities, and vulnerability assessment on monitored endpoints Configure in Endpoint Inventory. Email Sensor Email activities in Office 365 Exchange Online Configure in Email Asset Inventory. Network Sensor Detected threats in monitored endpoint traffic Configure in Network Inventory. Trend Micro Security Services Source Data target Connection method Standard Endpoint Protection Users, applications, web activities, security settings, and detected threats on monitored endpoints Install Trend Vision One Endpoint Security agents with the Standard Endpoint Protection configuration on your endpoints and enable endpoint sensor detection and response in Endpoint Inventory. Server & Workload Protection Users, applications, web activities, and detected threats on monitored endpoints Install Trend Vision One Endpoint Security agents with the Server & Workload Protection configuration on your endpoints and enable endpoint sensor detection and response in Endpoint Inventory. Trend Micro Apex One as a Service Users, applications, web activities, and detected threats on monitored endpoints Connect Trend Micro Apex One as a Service to Trend Vision One in Product Instance. Trend Micro Apex One On-premises Security settings and detected threats on monitored endpoints Connect your Trend Micro Apex One On-premises servers to a Trend Micro Apex Central management server, then connect your Trend Micro Apex Central management server to Trend Vision One in Product Instance. Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection Detected threats and security settings from Google Gmail and Microsoft Office 365 apps. Configure Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection in Product Instance. Trend Cloud One - Conformity Cloud asset configurations in AWS, Microsoft Azure, and Google Cloud environments Ensure you have a license for Conformity. You may sign up for a free trial if necessary. Connect and configure your cloud accounts in Conformity. Conformity AWS data source setup Conformity Azure data source setup Conformity Google Cloud data source setup Create and copy a new read-only API key in the Trend Cloud One console. In the Trend Vision One console, click on the Trend Cloud One - Conformity data source. Paste the API key into the corresponding field and click Check After the API key has been successfully checked, turn on Data upload permission. Click Save. Trend Cloud One - Endpoint & Workload Security User, applications, web activities, security settings, and detected threats on monitored endpoints Connect Trend Cloud One - Endpoint & Workload Security to Trend Vision One in Product Instance. Trend Micro Deep Discovery Inspector Targeted attacks and advanced threats in monitored network traffic, and network security configuration data Configure in Network Inventory. Trend Micro Deep Security Users, applications, web activities, and detected threats on monitored endpoints Configure in Product Instance. Cloud Email Gateway Protection Email activities, security settings, and detected threats on monitored email domains Configure in Product Instance. Trend Micro Web Security Web activity and web application-related data of monitored devices and users Connected when Zero Trust Secure Access - Internet Access is configured and deployed. Trend Vision One Mobile Security Public cloud apps, mobile apps, threats, and user activities detected on monitored mobile devices Deploy mobile agents to your managed mobile devices in Mobile Inventory. Trend Vision One Phishing Simulations Risky user accounts and breach events from phishing simulations Configure in Security Awareness. Trend Vision One Container Security Vulnerabilities, detected threats, and system configuration risks on monitored containers and images Configure in Container Inventory. TippingPoint Security Management System Network detection logs and filter rule status Connect TippingPoint in Network Inventory. Ensure you have installed and configured a Service Gateway virtual appliance. Enable the following on your Service Gateway: Forward proxy Log forwarding Suspicious Object List synchronization TippingPoint policy management Zero Trust Secure Access - Private Access Users, devices, threat detections, and internal app activities from your internal network Configure in Zero Trust Secure Access. Zero Trust Secure Access - Internet Access Users, devices, threat detections, and cloud app activities to external networks Configure in Zero Trust Secure Access. Third-Party Data Sources Source Data collected or function performed Connection method Active Directory (on-premises) Internal network user and device information Go to Workflow and Automation → Third-Party Integration. Find and click Active Directory (on-premises). Enable Active Directory integration. Follow the onscreen instructions to add your Active Directory server. Important Threat and Exposure Management and Zero Trust Secure Access both require data upload permission to ensure certain features function properly. Revoking data upload permission may prevent secure access policy enforcement and risk analysis. Microsoft Defender for Endpoint Device information, activity data, operating system and application configuration information, and threat detection data Go to Cloud Security → Cloud Accounts and select an existing Azure subscription or add a new subscription. Enable Microsoft Defender for Endpoint Log Collection in the subscription settings. Configure your Microsoft Defender for Endpoint settings to export events. Important This is a "Pre-release" feature and is not considered an official release. Please review the Pre-release disclaimer before using the feature. Microsoft Entra ID User and device information, identity information, public cloud app data, and activity data Go to Workflow and Automation → Third-Party Integration and click Microsoft Entra ID. Locate one or multiple Microsoft Entra ID tenants that you want to grant permissions for, and click Grant permissions in the Status column for Cyber Risk Exposure Management. Follow the onscreen instructions to enable the data connection. For more information, see Microsoft Entra ID integration. Go back to Data sources, turn on Data upload permission and click Save. Google Cloud Identity Directory data and activity data Grant access permissions in your Google Cloud Identity tenant. Go to Workflow and Automation → Third-Party Integration. Configure your Google Cloud Identity tenant. You must configure the same tenant in which you granted permissions. Claroty xDome Third-party vulnerability assessment tool (SaaS) Turn on Data upload permission and provide the country or region-specific Claroty xDome URL and API key created for a Claroty xDome user account with the appropriate role. For more information, see Claroty xDome integration. Nessus Pro Device information and CVE detections from your on-premises network Go to Workflow and Automation → Third-Party Integration. Find and click Nessus Pro and follow the onscreen instructions to connect your account. For more information, see Nessus Pro Integration. Microsoft 365 Usage data, activity data, system configuration and compliance information for Microsoft 365 apps including OneDrive, SharePoint, Outlook, and Teams. Turn on Data upload permission after you have connected Microsoft Entra ID. If desired, you may also turn permission off. Important Connecting Microsoft 365 as a data source requires that you configure and connect Microsoft Entra ID as a data source. To do so, enable the Data upload permission toggle for Microsoft Entra ID and configure in Third-Party Integration. Okta User information, public cloud app data, and activity data Obtain the Okta URL domain and API token from your Okta environment. For more information, see Obtaining your Okta URL domain and API token. Note Your Okta user account must have one of the following administrator privileges in Okta: API Access Management Admin Mobile Admin Read-Only Admin App Admin Org Admin Super Admin Go to Workflow and Automation → Third-Party Integration. Find and click Okta and follow the onscreen instructions to connect your account. For more information, see Okta integration. Important Threat and Exposure Management and Zero Trust Secure Access both require data upload permission to ensure certain features function properly. Revoking data upload permission may prevent secure access policy enforcement and risk analysis. OpenLDAP User information from your internal network Ensure you have installed a Service Gateway and enabled the On-premises directory connection service. Go to Workflow and Automation → Third-Party Integration. Find and click OpenLDAP and follow the onscreen instructions to connect your server. For more information, see OpenLDAP integration. Qualys Device information and CVEs detected through third-party vulnerability assessments In your Qualys console, create a new account with an active subscription and the following permissions: Role: Reader Asset Management Permissions: Read Asset Allow access: API Asset Groups (assigned to) Add your Trend Vision One regional IP addresses for Cyber Risk Exposure Management to the list of trusted IP addresses in the Qualys console. Go back to Data sources and provide the username and password for the newly created account. Turn on Data upload permission and click Save and Verify. If desired, you may also turn permissions off. Note Qualys integration only provides CVE detection data and limited device information. For complete activity monitoring of exploit attempts and comprehensive device insights, install and enable Endpoint Sensor. Rapid7 - InsightVM Device information and CVEs detected through third-party vulnerability assessments From your Rapid7 console, obtain the Insight Platform URL and API key for a Rapid7 Insight user account with the Platform Admin role. For more information, see Rapid7 - InsightVM integration. Go back to Data sources and provide the newly obtained Platform URL and API key. Turn on Data upload permission and click Save. If desired, you may also turn permissions off. Rapid7 - Nexpose Device information and CVE detections from your on-premises network Ensure you have installed a Service Gateway with the Rapid7 - Nexpose connector service enabled. Go to Workflow and Automation → Third-Party Integration. Find and click Rapid7 - Nexpose and follow the onscreen instructions to connect your server. For more information, see Rapid7 - Nexpose integration. Rescana Internet-facing asset data including detected CVEs and misconfigurations Important Enabling the Rescana integration switches the Cyber Risk Exposure Management data source for collecting internet-facing asset data to Rescana. After switching the data source, internet-facing asset data previously collected by Trend Micro solutions will no longer be available. Obtain the URL and API token for your Rescana account in your Rescana console. Go back to Data sources and provide the newly obtained URL and API token. Click Test connection to verify connectivity. Provide the URL and API token for your Rescana account. Click Connect. Important This is a "Pre-release" feature and is not considered an official release. Please review the Pre-release disclaimer before using the feature. Salesforce Salesforce metadata and information on system misconfigurations Turn on Data upload permission after you have connected Salesforce in Third-Party Integration. For more information, see Salesforce integration. Important This is a "Pre-release" feature and is not considered an official release. Please review the Pre-release disclaimer before using the feature. Splunk - Network Firewall / Web Gateway Logs User activities on detected public cloud apps Go to Workflow and Automation → Third-Party Integration. Find and click Cyber Risk Exposure Management for Splunk. Copy the displayed authentication token. Download and install the Cyber Risk Exposure Management for Splunk app. Use the authentication token to configure the app. For more information, see Cyber Risk Exposure Management for Splunk integration. Tanium Comply Device information and CVEs detected through third-party vulnerability assessments Obtain the Tanium Comply URL and API token from the Tanium console using an account with the appropriate role. For more information, see Tanium Comply integration. Add your Trend Vision One regional IP addresses for Cyber Risk Exposure Management to the list of trusted IP addresses in the Tanium console. Go back to Data sources and provide the newly obtained URL and API token. Turn on Data upload permission and click Save. If desired, you may also turn permissions off. Greenbone Third-party vulnerability assessment tool (on-premises) Enable the Greenbone Management Protocol (GMP) on your Greenbone Enterprise Appliance. Go to Workflow and Automation → Third-Party Integration. Find and click Greenbone. Select a Service Gateway with the Greenbone Connector service installed. If no Service Gateway is available, deploy a Service Gateway with the Greenbone Connector service or install the service on an existing Service Gateway. Supply the username and password for your Greenbone server. Click Connect. For more information, see Greenbone Integration. Tenable Security Center Device information and CVE detections from your on-premises network Ensure you have a Service Gateway installed with the Tenable Security Center connector service enabled. Go to Workflow and Automation → Third-Party Integration. Find and click Tenable Security Center and follow the onscreen instructions to connect your server. For more information, see Tenable Security Center data source setup. Tenable Vulnerability Management Device information and CVEs detected through third-party vulnerability assessments Obtain the Tenable Vulnerability Management secret key and access key from the Tenable Vulnerability Management console using an account with the appropriate permissions. For more information, see Tenable Vulnerability Management integration. Go back to Data sources and provide the newly obtained secret key and access key. Turn on Data upload permission and click Save. If desired, you may also turn permissions off. Related information Risk visibility support for Trend Micro products Cyber Risk Exposure Management regional IP addresses Conformity AWS data source setup Conformity Azure data source setup Conformity Google Cloud data source setup Tenable Security Center data source setup Tenable Vulnerability Management integration © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base