---
id: configure-so-settings
title: Configuring suspicious object settings
sidebar_label: Configuring suspicious object settings
description: Configuring suspicious object settings
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Configuring suspicious object settings Trend Micro Trend Micro Apex Central consolidates and synchronizes the Virtual Analyzer and user-defined suspicious object lists with Cloud Email Gateway Protection. Enable this feature to implement the lists during scanning. Before you begin configuring this feature, make sure that: You have installed Trend Micro Apex Central, and your Trend Micro Apex Central has a serving Deep Discovery product, which can be a Deep Discovery Inspector, Deep Discovery Email Inspector, or Deep Discovery Analyzer. Your Cloud Email Gateway Protection has been registered to a required Trend Micro Trend Micro Apex Central. You have enabled Web Reputation settings in the spam policy you want to apply the suspicious URL list to. Procedure Go to Administration → Other Settings → Service Integration. Click Apex Central. Enable Check for suspicious objects during scanning. Under Security Level for Files, specify the security level to determine whether to take actions on messages when suspicious files are detected during virus scanning. The actions to take are defined in the virus policy. Note Cloud Email Gateway Protection classifies all files and URLs in the user-defined suspicious object lists as the "High" risk. Under Security Level for URLs, make sure your specify the security level for Web Reputation in your spam policy to determine whether to take actions on messages when suspicious URLs are detected during spam scanning. The actions to take are defined in the spam policy. Check additional information about suspicious object synchronization from the Trend Micro Apex Central. Click Save. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base