---
id: configure-security-features
title: Edit a policy and security modules
sidebar_label: Edit a policy and security modules
description: Edit a policy and security modules
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Edit a policy and security modules View, manage, and configure security module settings for your Endpoint Security Policies. Important Policies, Threat Prevention, Access Control, Data Security Sensor, Sandbox Submission, Exclusions, and Brower Extention are "Pre-release" features and are not considered an official release. Please review the Pre-Release Disclaimer before using the feature. These features are not available in all regions. Configure your policy resources before creating a policy. Navigating between the security modules or leaving the Policy Settings screen discards any unsaved changes. To avoid losing your work, always click Save before leaving the current screen. Security modules consist of a collection of features and settings organized around endpoint agent capabilities. After you create a policy, you can view and edit the security module settings from the Policy Settings window. Security modules control a range of settings including monitoring levels, exclusions, rules, and user permissions. Some modules use policy resources to manage their settings. For more information, see Policy Resources. Endpoint Security Policies supports configuring the following security modules: Endpoint security policy modules Category Module name Description Threat Prevention Anti-Malware Actively protects endpoints by detecting and eliminating threats in real time Use this module to set your Anti-Malware monitoring level, scheduled scans, and scan exclusions. Web Reputation Protects against web threats by blocking access to malicious URLs Use this module to set your Web Reputation scan settings, access rules, and port monitoring. Intrusion Prevention Protects your endpoints from known and zero-day vulnerability attacks Use this module to configure rule statuses and recommendation settings. Hardening Rules Provides protection by regulating programs that trigger certain events in commonly targeted system areas Support for configuring Hardening Rules is coming soon. Access Control Application Control Monitors endpoints for software changes and allows or blocks software actions based on configured settings and rules Use this module to enable or disable Application Control rules. You can also enforce lockdown mode with Application Control. Device Control Regulates access to external storage devices when connected to your endpoints Use this module to configure device permissions and to specify allowed devices Firewall Provides bidirectional stateful inspection of incoming and outgoing network traffic Use this module to configure the firewall security level, enabled rules, and specify allowed programs. Advanced Capabilities Log Inspection Helps identify important events within your operating system and application logs Support for configuring Log Inspection is coming soon. Integrity Monitoring Scans for unexpected changes to registry values, keys, services, processes, installed software, ports, and files on endpoints Support for configuring Integrity Monitoring is coming soon. Cyber Risk & Security Operations Advanced Risk Telemetry Analyzes endpoints for potential security posture weaknesses and performs vulnerability assessments Use this module to enable or disable Advanced Risk Telemetry Endpoint Sensor Sends activity data for state-of-the-art threat detection and alerting Previously called Endpoint sensor detection and response, use this module to configure the Endpoint Sensor monitoring level and deepfake detector. Data Security Sensor Sends activity data to trace the movement of sensitive data within the Data Security module Identity Security Sensor Monitors your identity management solutions to ensure robust and effective identity security Support for configuring Identity Security Sensor is coming soon. Sandbox Submission Allows agents to automatically submit suspicious objects for analysis in a secure, virtual cloud sandbox environment When enabled, you can view analysis results in Sandbox Analysis. Management Settings Exclusions Manage exceptions across endpoint protection features Use this module to manage rule exceptions and configure the trusted programs list. Browser Extension Deploy the Trend Micro™ Toolbar for Enterprise browser extension to provide additional visibility and enhanced monitoring capabilities for endpoint protection features Browser extension helps enhance monitoring and detection for Web Reputation, Suspicious Objects, and Data Security. Agent Interface Provides a user interface on the endpoint for users to interact with the Trend Vision One Endpoint Security agent Use this module to configure endpoint user permissions to interact with the agent, perform manual scans, receive notifications, and terminate the agent program. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base