---
id: configuring-bandwidth-control
title: Configuring bandwidth control
sidebar_label: Configuring bandwidth control
description: Configuring bandwidth control
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Configuring bandwidth control Reduce network congestion on your on-premises gateway by configuring bandwidth control. Bandwidth control reduces network congestion by controlling communications, reducing unwanted traffic, and allowing critical traffic or services the appropriate bandwidth allocation. Procedure In the On-Premises Gateways section, click Configure Bandwidth Control. The Configure Bandwidth Control screen appears. In the Overall bandwidth settings area, click Configure overall bandwidth settings. Click On and set the overall upstream and downstream bandwidths based on your organization's internet bandwidth settings. Click Save. Manage bandwidth control rules. Action Description Filter bandwidth control rules Use the Applied on-premises gateways drop-down list and the search box to locate specific bandwidth control rules. Add/Edit a bandwidth control rule Click Add or select an existing bandwidth control rule under Rule name, and then specify the settings on the screen that appears. For details, see Configuring a bandwidth control rule. Delete a bandwidth control rule Select one or several bandwidth control rules to delete and then click Delete. Do this if you no longer need a bandwidth control rule. Duplicate a bandwidth control rule Select a bandwidth control rule and click Duplicate. Under Rule name, click the duplicated rule and then specify settings on the new screen that appears. Prioritize bandwidth control rules After creating more than one bandwidth control rule, you can prioritize them to determine which rules take precedence when applied. Use drag-and-drop to move the bandwidth control rule to a specific position as necessary. Enable/Disable a bandwidth control rule Enable or disable the toggle corresponding to the bandwidth control rule. Related information Configuring a bandwidth control rule © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base