---
id: configure-proxies-server-workload
title: Configure proxies
sidebar_label: Configure proxies
description: Configure proxies
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Configure proxies You can configure proxies between various Trend Micro servers and services. Important If you deployed your Server & Workload Protection agents using the agent installer package in Endpoint Inventory, you must use the Agent Installer Proxy and Runtime Proxy Settings in Global Settings to configure your proxy connections. Agents migrated from updating your Trend Cloud One Workload Security to Server & Workload Protection automatically adopt the Agent Installer Proxy and Runtime Proxy Settings in Global Settings. Trend Micro recommends using the centralized proxy configurations. The following information is for reference and troubleshooting purposes. Register a proxy in Server & Workload Protection In the Server & Workload Protection console, go to Administration > System Settings > Proxies. In the Proxy Servers area, click New → New Proxy Server. In the Name and Description fields, enter a friendly name and description for your proxy. For the Proxy Protocol, select either HTTP, SOCKS4, SOCKS5, or Proxy Auto-Configuration (PAC). Not all protocols are supported by all components. See Supported proxy protocols for details. Note The proxy in the PAC file only supports HTTP and direct connection PACs. In the Address and Port fields, enter the IP address or URL of the proxy as well its port (by default 8080 or 80 for HTTP; 3128 for the Squid HTTP proxy; 443 for HTTPS; and 1080 for SOCKS 4 and 5). Enable Proxy requires authentication credentials if you previously set up your HTTP or SOCKS 5 proxy to require authentication from connecting components. Enter those credentials in the User Name and Password fields. Supported proxy protocols The table lists the proxy protocols supported by the Trend Micro services and clients. You'll need this information when registering a proxy, and when configuring a proxy through dsa_control. Service Origin (client) HTTP Support SOCKS4 Support SOCKS5 Support Proxy Auto-Configuration (PAC) Support Server & Workload Protection Agents/Relays Yes No No Yes Relays Agents/Relays Yes Yes Yes Yes Smart Protection Network - Census, Good File Reputation, and Predictive Machine Learning Agents Yes No No Yes Smart Protection Network - Global Smart Protection Service Agents Yes No No Yes Connect to the 'primary component update source' via proxy Note The primary component update source for the new improved relay is the Server & Workload Protection relay. Deep Security Agent 20.0.0-3964+ can connect to Server & Workload Protection relays via this proxy setting. You can connect your agents to your 'primary component update source' via a proxy. By default, the primary component update source is the Trend Micro Update Server (also called ActiveUpdate). Note The agents and appliances will only use the proxy if their assigned relay is not available, and they've been granted explicit permission to access the primary update source. Make sure you're using agent version 10.0 or later. Only 10.0 and later supports connections through a proxy Register a proxy in Server & Workload Protection. In the Server & Workload Protection console, click the Administration → System Settings → Proxies tab. In the Proxy Server Use area, change the Primary Component Update Proxy used by Agents, Appliances, and Relays setting to point to the new proxy. Click Save. Restart the agents. Connect to Server & Workload Protection via proxy Agents connect to Server & Workload Protection during agent activation and heartbeats. There are two methods to connect an agent to Server & Workload Protection via a proxy. Connect an agent to Server & Workload Protection via a proxy using a deployment script Make sure you're using agent version 10.0 or later. Only 10.0 and later supports connections through a proxy. Register a proxy in Server & Workload Protection. In the top right-hand corner of the Server & Workload Protection console, click Administration → Updates → Software → Local → Generate Deployment Scripts. From Proxy to contact Server & Workload Protection, select a proxy. Copy the script or save it. Run the script on the computer. The script installs the agent and configures it to connect to Server & Workload Protection through the specified proxy. Connect an agent to Server & Workload Protection via a proxy using dsa_control On a Windows agent: Open a command prompt (cmd.exe) as Administrator and enter: cd C:\Program Files\Trend Micro\Deep Security Agent\ dsa_control -u myUserName:MTPassw0rd dsa_control -x dsm_proxy://squid.example.com:443 On a Linux agent: Enter: /opt/ds_agent/dsa_control -u myUserName:MTPassw0rd /opt/ds_agent/dsa_control -x dsm_proxy://squid.example.com:443 Notes: Make sure the proxy uses a supported protocol. See Supported proxy protocols. For details on dsa_control and its -u and -x options, see dsa_control. Repeat these commands on each agent that needs to connect through a proxy to Server & Workload Protection. Run the following commands to update the agent's local configuration. Connect to relays via proxy Agents connect to their relay to obtain software and component updates. There are two methods to connect an agent to a relay via a proxy. Connect an agent to relays via a proxy using a deployment script Make sure you're using agent version 10.0 or later. Only 10.0 and later supports connections through a proxy. Register a proxy in Server & Workload Protection. In the top right-hand corner of the Server & Workload Protection console, click Administration → Updates → Software → Local → Generate Deployment Scripts. From Proxy to contact Relay(s), select a proxy. Copy the script or save it. Run the script on the computer. The script installs the agent and configures it to connect to the relay through the specified proxy. Connect an agent to relays via a proxy using dsa_control On a Windows agent: Open a command prompt (cmd.exe) as Administrator and enter: cd C:\Program Files\Trend Micro\Deep Security Agent\ dsa_control -w myUserName:MTPassw0rd dsa_control -y relay_proxy://squid.example.com:443 On a Linux agent: Enter: /opt/ds_agent/dsa_control -w myUserName:MTPassw0rd /opt/ds_agent/dsa_control -y relay_proxy://squid.example.com:443 Notes: Make sure the proxy uses a supported protocol. See Supported proxy protocols. For details on dsa_control and its -u and -x options, see dsa_control. Repeat these commands on each agent that needs to connect through a proxy to Server & Workload Protection. Run the following commands to update the agent's local configuration. Connect to Server & Workload Protection/Relays via Proxy Auto_Configuration (PAC) proxy Connect an agent to Server & Workload Protection via a proxy using a deployment script Ensure you're using agent version 20.0.0-6680 or newer. Only 20.0.0-6680 and newer supports connections through a PAC-resolved proxy. Register the proxy in Server & Workload Protection. In the top right-hand corner of the Server & Workload Protection console, click Administration → Updates → Software → Local → Generate Deployment Scripts. From Proxy to contact Server & Workload Protection/Relay, select a proxy. Copy the script or save it. Run the script on the computer. The script installs the agent and configures it to connect to Server & Workload Protection/Relay through the PAC-resolved proxy. Connect an agent to Server & Workload Protection via a proxy using dsa_control On a Windows agent: Open a command prompt (cmd.exe) as Administrator and enter: cd C:\Program Files\Trend Micro\Deep Security Agent\ dsa_control --pacproxyunpw myUserName:MTPassw0rd dsa_control --pacproxy http://pac.example.com:80/proxy.pac On a Linux agent: Enter: /opt/ds_agent/dsa_control --pacproxyunpw myUserName:MTPassw0rd /opt/ds_agent/dsa_control --pacproxy http://pac.example.com:80/proxy.pac Note Make sure the proxy uses an HTTP protocol. Currently, the PAC-resolved proxy supports the HTTP method only. For details on dsa_control and its --pacproxy and --pacproxyunpw options, see dsa_control. Repeat these commands on each agent that needs to connect through a proxy to Server & Workload Protection/Relay. Run the commands to update the agent's local configuration. The PAC proxy function is supported using a deployment script on Windows only. Connect to the Smart Protection Network via proxy Use the following procedure to configure a proxy between agents and the following services in the Smart Protection Network: Global Census, Good File Reputation, Predictive Machine Learning, and the Smart Protection Network itself. Register a proxy in Server & Workload Protection. In the Server & Workload Protection console, click Policies at the top. In the main pane, double-click the policy that you use to protect computers that are behind the proxy. Set up a proxy to the Global Census, Good File Reputation, and Predictive Machine Learning Services as follows: Click Settings on the left. In the main pane, click the General tab. In the main pane, look for the Network Setting for Census and Good File Reputation Service, and Predictive Machine Learning section. If the Inherited check box is selected, the proxy settings are inherited from the parent policy. To change the settings for this policy or computer, clear the check box. Select When accessing Global Server, use proxy and in the list, select your proxy, or select New to specify another proxy. Save your settings. Set up a proxy to the Smart Protection Network for use with Anti-Malware: Click Anti-Malware on the left. In the main pane, click the Smart Protection tab. Under Smart Protection Server for File Reputation Service, if the Inherited check box is selected, the proxy settings are inherited from the parent policy. To change the settings for this policy or computer, clear the check box. Select Connect directly to Global Smart Protection Service. Select When accessing Global Smart Protection Service, use proxy and in the list, select your proxy or select New to specify another proxy. Specify your proxy settings and click OK. Save your settings. Set up a proxy to the Smart Protection Network for use with Web Reputation: Click Web Reputation on the left. In the main pane, click the Smart Protection tab. Under Smart Protection Server for Web Reputation Service, set up your proxy, the same way you did under Anti-Malware in a previous step. With Web Reputation still selected on the left, click the Advanced tab. In the Ports section, select a group of port numbers that includes your proxy's listening port number, and then click Save. For example, if you’re using a Squid proxy server, you would select the Port List Squid Web Server. If you don’t see an appropriate group of port numbers, go to Policies → Common Objects → Lists → Port Lists and then click New to set up your ports. Save your settings. Send the new policy to your agents. See Send policy changes manually. Your agents will now connect to the Smart Protection Network through a proxy. Remove a proxy To remove a proxy between agent and Server & Workload Protection, or agent and relay Redeploy agents using new deployment scripts that no longer contain proxy settings. For details, see Use deployment scripts to add and protect computers. OR Run the following dsa_control commands on the agents: dsa_control -x "" dsa_control -y "" dsa_control --pacproxy "" manager relay Those commands remove the proxy settings from the agent's local configuration. For details on dsa_control and its -x, -y, and --pacproxy options, see dsa_control. To remove a proxy between any other components Run through the instructions on connecting through a proxy, but complete them in reverse, so that you remove the proxy. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base