---
id: configure-device-control-settings
title: Configuring Device Control Settings
sidebar_label: Configuring Device Control Settings
description: Configuring Device Control Settings
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Configuring Device Control Settings Procedure Select Enable Device Control. If you are on the External Agents tab, you can apply settings to internal agents by selecting Apply all settings to internal agents. If you are on the Internal Agents tab, you can apply settings to external agents by selecting Apply all settings to external agents. Add or edit a Device Control rule: For user-based rules: To create a rule based on Active Directory user or group accounts, click Add. To edit a rule based on Active Directory user or group accounts, click the link in the User Accounts column. Important User-based Device Control rules are only available after integrating Active Directory with Trend Micro Apex Central. To edit the default endpoint-based rule: Click the All users (default) link in the User Accounts column. Note You cannot delete the default endpoint-based rule. The Device Control Rule screen appears. In the User Accounts section, type and select the display name(s) of the Active Directory user(s) or group account(s) to which the rule applies. Note You cannot specify user or group accounts when editing the default All users (default) endpoint-based rule. In the Storage Devices section: Select a permission for each storage device. Important Only Trend Vision One Endpoint Security agents with Data Protection enabled can take the Block action. If you deploy a policy to Trend Vision One Endpoint Security agents that do not have Data Protection enabled, Apex One applies the action configured in the drop-down box. Apex One automatically applies the access permission configured for any USB device in the Allowed USB List even if you do not enable Data Protection. For details about permissions, see Permissions for Devices. If you selected to restrict access to any storage device, the Allowed Programs button appears. For USB storage devices, if you selected Block (Data Protection), the Allowed USB Devices button appears. (Optional) Click Allowed Programs to configure a list of programs that Device Control does not restrict access on any device type. The Allowed Programs screen appears. Type the full path or the trusted Digital Signature Provider information of programs that Device Control allows users to access. Note When specifying a Digital Signature Provider, Device Control only allows programs signed by the publisher to Execute. For more information, see Specifying a Digital Signature Provider. When specifying the full path of a program, the Device Control Allowed Programs list supports the use of wildcard characters. For more information, see Wildcard Support for the Device Control Allowed Programs List. Click Add. The the full path of the program or the trusted Digital Signature Provider information appears in the list. Select whether to allow the program to Execute or Read/Write. Click OK. (Optional) Click Allowed USB Devices to configure a list of USB devices that Device Control does not block. The Allowed USB Devices screen appears. Type the device vendor, model, and serial ID in the list. To add more devices, click the plus (+) icon. In the Permissions drop-down, specify the access level Device Control permits to users accessing the specified USB devices. Click OK. Select Block the AutoRun function on USB storage devices to prevent programs saved on USB devices from executing automatically. Select Display a notification message on the endpoint when Apex One detects unauthorized device access to inform end users that Device Control restricted access to a device. For Trend Vision One Endpoint Security agents with the Data Protection feature installed, select to Allow or Block access to the devices listed under Mobile Devices and Non-Storage Devices. Click OK. Note Device Control automatically assigns all user-based rules a higher priority than the default endpoint-based rule (All users (default)). (Optional) Manage the Device Control rule list. Priority: Click the arrows to change the priority of user-based rules. Copy: Select a rule, click Copy, and modify the rule contents. Delete: Select a rule and click Delete to permanently remove the rule from the list. Related information Permissions for Devices Wildcard Support for the Device Control Allowed Programs List Specifying a Digital Signature Provider © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base