---
id: configure-device-control-sdk
title: Configure Device Control
sidebar_label: Configure Device Control
description: Configure Device Control
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Configure Device Control Configure the Device Control module to define its behavior for a policy. When designing the module's behavior and implementing it using the API, use the background information and guidance that is provided in About Device Control. Policy objects contain two objects that you use to configure the Device Control module: DeviceControlPolicyExtension: Controls the module state (on or off), identifies the applied Device Control rules, and identifies the stateful configuration to use with the module. PolicySettings: Policy settings include several Device Control related settings that control the runtime behavior of the module, such as action of USB Mass Storage and Mobile (MTP/PTP) permission of USB AutoRun Function Configure Device Control related policy settings as described in Configure policy and default policy settings. The following JSON represents the data structure of a DeviceControlPolicyExtension object: { "state": "off", "moduleStatus": {...} } The moduleStatus property is read-only. It provides the runtime status of the Device Control module. (See Report on Computer Status). General steps To configure Device Control, use the following general steps: Procedure Create a DeviceControlPolicyExtension object and set the properties. Create a PolicySettings object to configure runtime settings of the module. Create a Policy object and add the DeviceControlPolicyExtension and PolicySettings objects. Use a PoliciesApi object to add or update the policy in Server & Workload Protection. Tip If you only need to set a single Device Control related policy setting, see Configure a single policy or default policy setting. Next steps Create a DeviceControlPolicyExtension object and set the state and rule IDs: device_control_policy_extension = api.DeviceControlPolicyExtension() device_control_policy_extension.state = "on" Next, create a PolicySettings object to configure Device Control related settings. (For detailed information about policy settings, see Configure policy and default policy settings.) For example, you can block USB mass storage access: policy_settings = api.PolicySettings() setting_value = api.SettingValue() setting_value.value = "Block" policy_settings.device_control_setting_device_control_usb_storage_device_action = setting_value At this point, the Device Control policy extension and the policy settings are configured. Next, add them to a Policy object, and use a PoliciesApi object to modify a policy in Server & Workload Protection. policy = api.Policy() policy.device_control = device_control_policy_extension policy.policy_settings = policy_settings policies_api = api.PoliciesApi(api.ApiClient(configuration)) returned_policy = policies_api.modify_policy(policy_id, policy, api_version) The policy_id (or policyID) parameter of modifyPolicy identifies the actual policy in Server & Workload Protection that is to be modified. This policy is modified according to the policy object that is used as the policy parameter. Any properties of the policy parameter that are not set remain unchanged on the actual policy. Example The following example creates a Policy object, modifies its DeviceControlPolicyExtension, and configures a policy setting. The policy is then updated in Server & Workload Protection. policies_api = api.PoliciesApi(api.ApiClient(configuration)) policy = api.Policy() device_control_policy_extension = api.DeviceControlPolicyExtension() # Turn on Device Control device_control_policy_extension.state = "on" # Add the Device Control state to the policy policy.device_control = device_control_policy_extension # Create a policy_settings policy_settings = api.PolicySettings() # Block USB mass storage access usb_mass_storage_setting_value = api.SettingValue() usb_mass_storage_setting_value.value = "Block" # Allow values: Full Access, Read Only, Block policy_settings.device_control_setting_device_control_usb_storage_device_action = usb_mass_storage_setting_value # Block USB autorun usb_autorun_setting_value = api.SettingValue() usb_autorun_setting_value.value = "Block" # Allow values: Allow, Block policy_settings.device_control_setting_device_control_auto_run_usb_action = usb_autorun_setting_value # Block "Mobile (MTP/PTP)" access mobile_setting_value = api.SettingValue() mobile_setting_value.value = "Block" # Allow values: Full Access, Read Only, Block policy_settings.device_control_setting_device_control_mobile_device_action = mobile_setting_value # Add USB mass storage access to the policy policy.policy_settings = policy_settings # Modify the policy on Server & Workload Protection policies_api.modify_policy(policy_id, policy, api_version) Tip Also see the Modify a Policy operation in the API Reference. For information about authenticating API calls, see Authenticate with Server & Workload Protection. Create a USB Device Exception Generally, to create a Device Control exception rule you perform the following steps: Procedure Create a USBDevice object. Add the USB device to Server & Workload Protection with USBStorageDevicesApi. Set the USB device to "full-access" with PolicyDeviceControlExceptionRulesApi to a policy. Next steps # Create a new USB device device = api.USBDevice() device.name = 'device name' device.vendor = 'device vendor' device.model = 'device model' device.serial_number = 'device serial number' usb_storage_device_api = api.USBStorageDevicesApi(api.ApiClient(configuration)) created_device = usb_storage_device_api.create_usb_device(device, api_version) # Configure exception list exception_rules = api.ExceptionRules([]) exception_rule1 = api.ExceptionRule() exception_rule1.device_id = created_device.id exception_rule1.action = "full-access" exception_rules.exception_rules.append(exception_rule1) # Set the exception list to policy policy_id = 1 policy_exception_rule_api = api.PolicyDeviceControlExceptionRulesApi(api.ApiClient(configuration)) policy_exception_rule_api.set_exception_rules_on_policy(policy_id, exception_rules, api_version) Tip Also see How to get vendor, model and serial_number Tip If you only need to assign an existing USB device to a policy, use the USBStorageDevicesApi.list_usb_devices to get the device_id and set_exception_rules_on_policy directly. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base