---
id: connecting-deep-discovery-director
title: Connect through Deep Discovery Director
sidebar_label: Connect through Deep Discovery Director
description: Connect through Deep Discovery Director
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Connect through Deep Discovery Director Connect Deep Discovery Inspector appliances to Network Inventory through Deep Discovery Director. Important As of May 6, 2024, connecting Deep Discovery Inspector appliances using Deep Discovery Director is no long supported for new customers. Customers who have already connected their Deep Discovery Director appliances to Network Inventory are not affected. You can only connect Deep Discovery Director to Network Inventory if: You have a valid XDR Add-On: Deep Discovery Inspector license The license entitlement is not redeemed in the form of Trend Vision One credits To see if your XDR Add-On: Deep Discovery Inspector license is redeemed as credits, in Trend Vision One go to Administration → License Information. For more information about Trend Vision One credits, see Annual credits. Network Inventory supports connecting to activated on-premises Deep Discovery Director (Consolidated Mode) appliances running version 5.3 or later. Your Deep Discovery Director appliances must be integrated with Deep Discovery Director - Network Analytics as a Service. Note Network Inventory does not support integrations with an on-premises version of Deep Discovery Director - Network Analytics Network Inventory does not support Deep Discovery Director (Internal Network Analytics Version) or Deep Discovery Director (Distributed Mode). Procedure In the Trend Vision One console, go to Network Security → Network Inventory. The Network Inventory introductory screen appears. Note If you do not see the introductory screen, you may need to reset the Network Inventory app in order to connect through Deep Discovery Director. To reset Network Inventory, click the options button (), select Reset Network Inventory, and then confirm by clicking Reset. Important Resetting the Network Inventory disconnects all connected Network Inspector and Deep Discovery Inspector appliances from Trend Vision One. Data that has already been sent is not affected. Select Connect a deployed Deep Discovery Director and we'll automatically connect all managed appliances and click Get Started. The Network Inventory screen appears. Click Connect Appliance. The Appliance Connection Settings panel appears. Select the Deep Discovery Director version. Specify the Deep Discovery Director appliance IP address or FQDN. Click Go. The Deep Discovery Director appliance console opens. In the Deep Discovery Directorconsole, sign in with an administrator account. (Optional) Change the password. In the Registering to Trend Micro Vision One dialog that displays, click Continue to confirm the process. Network Inventory connects Deep Discovery Director and all managed Deep Discovery Inspector appliances. In the Trend Vision One console, go to Network Security → Network Inventory to verify the connection status. (Optional) Configure the network sensor settings with Deep Discovery Director. To access Network Analytics reports from the Workbench app, you must first configure specific product settings. For more information, see Configure Network Sensors with Deep Discovery Director. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base