---
id: connected-saas-app-profile
title: Connected SaaS app profile
sidebar_label: Connected SaaS app profile
description: Connected SaaS app profile
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Connected SaaS app profile Connected SaaS apps are SaaS apps managed by your organization and analyzed by Trend Vision One. Connected SaaS apps are apps managed by your organization that you have connected to Trend Vision One through supported data sources in Third-Party Integration. You can view the connection status of the contributing data sources in Cyber Risk Exposure Management data sources. Connected SaaS app data gives you greater visibility into and control over your SaaS security posture. Data sources that contribute to connected SaaS app analysis include: Office 365 Microsoft Entra ID Salesforce A connected SaaS app profile provides the following information about a particular connected SaaS app and the usage of the app in your organization. Tab Description Risk Assessment A connected SaaS app risk assessment profile displays activity data in the following widgets: Risk Score: Assessment of the SaaS app configuration and compliance status over the last 30 days Note The user risk score is calculated every 4 hours. Risk Indicators: A list of events that might indicate the connected SaaS app is vulnerable to breach or attack Risk Assessment is not currently available for Office 365 apps. Asset Profile Detailed information about the asset, including asset criticality and a complete list of the asset's pre-defined profile tags, third-party tags, and custom tags created by your organization and assigned to the asset. You may modify the values for select pre-defined tags by clicking the edit () icon next to the tag. To modify custom tags on the asset, click Manage Tags To manually modify the criticality of the asset, click Modify Criticality, select a criticality source of Custom, and select the criticality of the asset. Asset profile information is not currently available for Office 365 apps. Usage View usage and activity data for Office 365 apps, which includes the following information depending on the app category: Users Files shared, synced, viewed, or modified Storage used Messages sent, received, or read URLs accessed Total messages, meetings, and calls Note Office 365 collects data for 48 hours before sending the data to Trend Vision One. Displayed usage data is not up-to-date. See the last sync time in the Usage tab to see the last time data was sent to Trend Vision One. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base