---
id: container-security-release
title: Trend Vision One Container Security
sidebar_label: Trend Vision One Container Security
description: Trend Vision One Container Security
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Trend Vision One Container Security August 15, 2023—Container Security helps safeguard your containers throughout their entire life cycle. Container Security is accessible directly in the Trend Vision One console, offering an intuitive and seamless experience for our customers. Feature Description End-to-End Container Protection Container Security ensures the security of your containers from build to termination and provides you peace of mind as your containers remain shielded against evolving threats at every step. Multi-Platform Support With the ability to deploy and protect both Kubernetes clusters (multi-cloud and on-premises) and Amazon ECS, Container Security ensures consistent security across diverse environments. Amazon EKS Integration Link your Amazon EKS Kubernetes clusters with your AWS cloud account to enhance risk discovery, assessment, and mitigation with Cyber Risk Exposure Management (CREM). Vulnerability Scanning extended to support Amazon ECS Vulnerability scans have been extended to support Amazon ECS in addition to Kubernetes, allowing you to take proactive measures to secure your environment. Cluster Inventory View Gain a clear and organized overview of your clusters' inventory, making it easier to manage and track resources effectively, including clusters, nodes, and pods. Policy Management and Event Viewing Effortlessly manage policies and rules, and monitor events all from the Trend Vision One console, streamlining security operations and workflows. XDR Detections and Investigation Detect, track, and investigate cross-layer threats and activities with Container Security's Extended Detection and Response (XDR) capabilities. Note XDR Detection and Investigation is available at no added cost during the pre-release preview but will become a separately licensed feature in the future. Prioritized Vulnerability View Prioritize the remediation of the most important risks with Cyber Risk Exposure Management, strengthening security posture by focusing on what matters most. Cloud Security → Container Security © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base