---
id: create-log-repository
title: Create a log repository
sidebar_label: Create a log repository
description: Create a log repository
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Create a log repository Create a log repository to organize collected log data according to specified ingestion and retention settings. Before you begin To begin managing log data in a log repository, you must have one or more deployed Service Gateways with the Third-Party Log Collection service installed. Procedure In Workflow and Automation → Third-Party Integration → Third-Party Log Collection or Service Management → Data Source and Log Management → Third-party log repositories, click Create New Log Repository. Specify a name and description for the log repository. Select the desired ingestion and retention type. Ingestion types Analytic: Ingests log data for analysis, correlation, and threat hunting Supports both analytic and archival retention Archival: Ingests log data for infrequent queries or to meet compliance requirements Only supports archival retention Important To ingest log data, you must allocate credits to Agentic SIEM. You cannot change the ingestion type for a log repository after you create the repository. Retention types: Analytic: Allows for frequent retrieval of log data for analysis, correlation, and threat hunting. Default retention period: 30 days Archival: Stores data for compliance purposes or infrequent queries Note Retention of data beyond the default period requires additional credits in Agentic SIEM. Click Create.The log repository is created and the log repository details drawer appears. Add one or more collectors to the log repository to begin ingesting and retaining log data from your third-party data sources. Important Ensure you have installed the Third-Party Log Collection service on your deployed Service Gateways in Service Gateway Management before adding collectors. Monitor your data ingestion and retention in Data Source and Log Management → Data usage and monitoring. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base