---
id: creating-ticket-profile
title: Create a ticket profile for ServiceNow ITSM
sidebar_label: Create a ticket profile for ServiceNow ITSM
description: Create a ticket profile for ServiceNow ITSM
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Create a ticket profile for ServiceNow ITSM Allow Trend Vision One to send tickets to ServiceNow ITSM to be managed in the ServiceNow portal. Before you beginEnsure you configured ServiceNow ITSM to enable Trend Vision One for ServiceNow Ticketing System. Ticket profiles allow you to automatically sync Case Management case data between Trend Vision One apps and third-party ticketing services like ServiceNow ITSM. After you create a ticket profile, you may select the profile when creating a new case. Third-party ticketing supports two-way sync of case status and priority changes with the specified ServiceNow table. Click the Case Management tab in the specified ServiceNow table to view or update case details. Note You must install the Trend Vision One connector in your ServiceNow console to use third-party ticketing. Attachments only synchronize to ServiceNow Case tables, not Incident tables. Procedure In Trend Vision One, go to Workflow and Automation → Third-Party Integration. In the Integration column, click Trend Vision One for ServiceNow Ticketing System. Click Create Profile. From the Associated App list, select either Security Playbooks or Case Management. On the General tab of Ticket Profile Settings, configure general ticket profile settings as shown in the following table. Field Setting Case type Note This option appears only if you selected Case Management from the Associated App list. Select one of the following: Cyber Risk Exposure Management case Workbench case ServiceNow table Select a ServiceNow table from the list. Tables available for each app include: Cyber Risk Exposure Management cases: Incident or Problem Workbench cases: Case or Incident MDR cases: Incident only Note Attachments only synchronize to ServiceNow Case tables, not Incident tables. Name Specify a ticket profile name. The name appears on both the Trend Vision One console and ServiceNow portal. Caller Specify a caller for the ticket. Profile description Specify a ticket profile description. Host Type the host URL of the ServiceNow instance. Authentication type Select the type of authentication required to integrate with ServiceNow. Basic To create a basic application, fill in the following fields: User name: Type the user name of the ServiceNow instance URL. Password: Type the password of the ServiceNow instance URL. OAuth To create an OAuth application, fill in the following fields: Client ID: Copy and paste the client ID automatically generated by the ServiceNow OAuth server. You can obtain the client ID from the ServiceNow portal. Client secret: Copy and paste the client secret for the OAuth application. You can obtain the client secret from the ServiceNow portal. Refresh token: Copy and paste the OAuth refresh token. You can obtain the refresh token by creating an HTTP POST that requests an OAuth token. Tip To change OAuth authentication settings, click Clear Authentication Settings, and then copy and paste new settings in the corresponding text boxes. Verify SSL Specify whether to verify the ServiceNow server SSL certificate by enabling or disabling Verify SSL. Verify the connection to ServiceNow by clicking Test Connection. On the Advanced tab, you can configure advanced ticket profile settings. For the description of each field in the advanced settings, see the ServiceNow documentation. Important Settings specified in Custom fields override the corresponding settings configured below the text box. Click Save. Once the connection is authenticated, Trend Vision One apps can send case data to ServiceNow ITSM for management. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base