---
id: create-cloud-mapping
title: Cloud mappings
sidebar_label: Cloud mappings
description: Cloud mappings
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Cloud mappings Create a new cloud mapping to synchronize your third-party tag values into Trend Vision One as cloud project names and group your cloud assets into cloud projects. When you create a cloud mapping, tag values from your cloud provider become the names of cloud projects in Trend Vision One. All cloud assets with the same tag property and value belong to the same cloud project, enabling you to better organize your cloud assets. Procedure Go to Tag Management → External tags. Under Cloud mappings, click Manage. Click + Create mapping. The Create a cloud mapping window appears. Important You can create a maximum of 5 cloud mappings. Configure the new mapping. Type a Mapping name for the cloud mapping. Select a Cloud provider tag property from the dropdown list. When you select a cloud provider tag property, you establish a mapping relationship between that cloud provider tag property and the Trend Vision One Cloud project tag. The tag values belonging to the cloud provider tag property sync into Trend Vision One and become cloud project names, and all cloud assets with the same tag property and value belong to the same cloud project. Note Multiple cloud mappings cannot share the same cloud provider tag property. Your cloud mappings can sync a maximum of 1,000 tag values total into Trend Vision One. You cannot create a new cloud mapping if the new mapping causes the number of synced tag values to exceed 1,000. Click Save. The new cloud mapping appears on the External tags screen. Edit an existing cloud mapping. Click the icon next to a cloud mapping to open the Edit a cloud mapping window. Modify the mapping name or cloud provider tag property. Note If you modify the cloud provider tag property for a mapping, all the tag values of that tag property become cloud project names in Trend Vision One. Click Save. Confirm the changes and click Save. Delete one or more existing cloud mappings. Click the icon next to a cloud mapping. To delete multiple cloud mappings at once, select the mappings and click Delete. Click Delete in the confirmation window. Note Deleting a cloud mapping does not remove the tag values synced into Trend Vision One by the mapping. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base