---
id: create-account-config-risk-playbook
title: Create Account Response playbooks
sidebar_label: Create Account Response playbooks
description: Create Account Response playbooks
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Create Account Response playbooks Manually or periodically mitigate accounts with account configuration risks. Create Account Response playbooks to mitigate risks such as accounts with weak authentication, accounts that increase your attack surface, and accounts with excessive privileges. Important To create Account Response playbooks, you must have the Attack Surface Risk Management entitlement enabled and configure one of the following required data sources: Microsoft Entra ID Active Directory (on-premises) Procedure Go to Workflow and Automation → Security Playbooks. On the Playbooks tab, choose Add → Create playbook. On the Playbook Settings panel, select the Account risks type, specify a unique name for the playbook, and click Apply. On the Trigger Settings panel, select the trigger type and click Apply. Manual: Allows you to start the playbook execution by clicking the Run icon () Scheduled: Allows you to schedule the playbook to run daily, weekly, or monthly On the Target Settings panel, select and configure the Target for the playbook and click Apply. If you need to mitigate more than one risk type, you can add more than one target by using the add node () on the right of the Trigger node. The risk type for each target must be unique. Important To enable Security Playbooks to response to at-risk accounts, grant permission to access your Microsoft Entra ID data and Active Directory data in Cyber Risk Overview → Data sources. If you need to take actions when specific conditions are met, configure the Condition node. Click the add node () on the right of the Target node and click Condition. Create a condition setting by specifying the Parameter, Operator, and Value. IS: The condition is triggered if any of the values is matched IS NOT: The condition is triggered if none of the values is matched If you need to configure multiple sets of condition settings, click Add. The condition operator is evaluated using a logical AND. Click Apply. If you need to add more than one parallel Condition node, click the add node () on the right of the Target node. If you need to configure action settings for the Condition node, add an Action node by clicking the add node () on the right. For details, see Step 7. If you need to configure else-if conditions or else actions, add an Else-If Condition or Else Action node by clicking the add node () under the Condition node. For details, see Step 9. Configure actions by adding an Action node. Click the add node () on the right of the Condition node and click Action. On the Action Settings panel, select Generate CSV file or a RESPONSE action from the Action drop-down list. To configure RESPONSE actions, you must grant Trend Micro permission to enforce the following user access policies on supported Identity and Access Management (IAM) systems: Disable User Account Enable User Account Force Sign Out Force Password Reset WARNING If the Disable User Account action disables the account configured in Active Directory (on-premises) Connection Settings in Third-Party Integration, you will not be able to restore the disabled accounts. Trend Micro recommends requiring manual approval for this action. Select whether to send a notification to request manual approval to create general actions, and then configure the notification settings if you require manual approval. Note Actions pending manual approval for over 24 hours expire and cannot be performed. Setting Description Notification method Email: Sends an email notification to specified recipients Webhook: Sends a notification to specified webhook channels Subject prefix The prefix that appears at the start of the notification subject line Recipients The email addresses of recipients The field only appears if you select Email for Notification method. Webhook The webhook channels to receive notifications The field only appears if you select Webhook for Notification method. Tip To add a webhook connection, click Create channel in the drop-down list. Click Apply. If you need to add more than one parallel action, use the add node () on the right of the Target or Condition node. Configure notification settings by adding the second Action node. Click the add node () on the right of the first Action node and click Action. On the Action Settings panel, specify how to notify recipients of the playbook results. For email and webhook notifications, configure the following settings. Setting Description Subject prefix The prefix that appears at the start of the notification subject line Recipients The email addresses of recipients The field only appears if you select Email for Notification method. Webhook The webhook channels to receive notifications The field only appears if you select Webhook for Notification method. Tip To add a webhook connection, click Create channel in the drop-down list. For ServiceNow ticket notifications, configure the following settings. Setting Description Ticket profile The ServiceNow ticket profile to use Tip If you need to add a ticket profile, click Create ticket profile in the drop-down list. Ticket profile settings The ticket profile settings for the playbook Selecting a ticket profile automatically loads the settings. Changing the settings overrides the ticket profile for the playbook. Assignment group: The ServiceNow assignment group you want to assign the ticket to Assigned to: The ServiceNow user you want to assign the ticket to Short description: A short description of the ticket which displays in ServiceNow If you require manual approval for sending playbook results, follow Step 7.c to configure the notification settings. Note This setting is available only to ticket notification action. Click Apply. Configure Else-If Conditions or Else Actions if necessary. Click the add node () below the Condition node and click Else-If Condition or Else Action. Configure a Condition node by following Step 6 or an Action node by following Step 7 or Step 8. Note The nodes that can be added by using an add node () vary depending on the preceding node. For example, an Action node can only be possibly followed by another Action node; a Condition node can be followed by an Action node or have an Else-If Condition or Else Action attached to it. When a condition is false, the playbook performs the Else Action or checks if its Else-If Condition is met. If the Else-If Condition is met, the playbook continues to perform the corresponding Else Action. Multiple Action nodes configured in a serial mode are taken sequentially. Enable the playbook by toggling the Enable control on. Click Save. The playbook appears on the Playbooks tab in the Security Playbooks app. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base