---
id: credit-req-for-apps-services
title: Credit requirements for Trend Vision One solutions, capabilities, and features
sidebar_label: Credit requirements for Trend Vision One solutions, capabilities, and features
description: Credit requirements for Trend Vision One solutions, capabilities, and features
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Credit requirements for Trend Vision One solutions, capabilities, and features Allocate Trend Vision One credits to enable the following solutions, capabilities, and services. Note To purchase Trend Vision One credits, contact your sales representative or go to an affiliated marketplace. Learn more about how your license entitlements are calculated into credits. Agentic SIEM Cyber Risk Exposure Management (pricing model as of April 1, 2025) Cyber Risk Exposure Management (pricing model valid from November 20, 2023 to March 31, 2025) Attack Surface Risk Management (add-on to XDR) (pricing model valid for active license holders from July 4, 2023 until license expiry) Container Security Data Transfer Email Inventory Email and Collaboration Security Endpoint Security File Security Forensics Mobile Inventory Network Inventory Sandbox Analysis Threat Intelligence XDR for Cloud XDR for Networks XDR for OT Zero Trust Secure Access Agentic SIEM The following table describes the available Trend Vision One - Agentic SIEM offerings and required credits. Feature Description Required credits Third-party data ingestion Ingest data collected from third-party logs into Trend Vision One - Agentic SIEM to get meaningful insights with real-time threat detection and correlation at scale. Data retention period: 30 days (or in accordance with the Trend Vision One data retention policy) For more information, see Data Source and Log Management. 3 credits per 1 GB of data for analytic ingestion 1 credit per 1 GB of data for archival ingestion Platform and third-party data retention Extend the retention of data from Trend Micro and third-party data sources to ensure long-term data visibility for threat correlation, auditing, compliance, and more. Data retention period: 30 days (or in accordance with the Trend Vision One data retention policy) For more information, see Data Source and Log Management. 0.2 credits per 1 GB of data per month for analytic retention 0.05 credits per 1 GB of data per month for archival retention Cyber Risk Exposure Management (pricing model as of April 1, 2025) New pricing packages for Cyber Risk Exposure Management were released on April 1, 2025. Cyber Risk Exposure Management customers using credits automatically switched to the Cyber Risk Exposure Management - Core pricing package. Credit requirements are calculated based on the number of assessed desktops, servers, and cloud accounts minus devices added to the Exception List in Attack Surface Discovery or cloud accounts on which Cyber Risk Exposure Management has been disabled in Cloud Accounts. Important If you have previously used override settings to exclude desktops, servers, and cloud accounts from assessment, your previous configuration will remain valid until May 1, 2025. The option to override the number of assessed desktops, servers, and cloud accounts will be disabled on April 1, 2025. The following tables describes the credit requirements and included capabilities for each pricing package. Cyber Risk Overview is available without a license or credits. Cyber Risk Exposure Management pricing packages for desktop and server assessment Available Cyber Risk Exposure Management capabilities Cyber Risk Exposure Management - Core Required credits: 20 credits per assessed desktop or server Cyber Risk Exposure Management - Essentials Required Credits: 50 credits per assessed desktop or server Attack Surface Discovery ✔ ✔ Threat and Exposure Management ✔ ✔ Identity Security Posture ✔ ✔ Attack Path Prediction ✔ Security Awareness ✔ Compliance Management ✔ Cyber Risk Exposure Management pricing models for cloud account assessment Pricing model Requirements Included capabilities for all pricing models Credit-based licensing Credit allocation model: 1,000 credits per each 500 assessed cloud resources in a single account, up to 8,000 per account Attack Surface Discovery Threat and Exposure Management Identity Security Posture Attack Path Prediction Internet-facing asset assessment Data Security Posture Cloud Security Posture AI Security Posture Management (AI-SPM) Entitlements Template Scanner Misconfiguration and Compliance Agentless Vulnerability & Threat Detection Cloud resources Annual required credits up to 500 1,000 501–1,000 2,000 1,001–1,500 3,000 1,501–2,000 4,000 2,001–2,500 5,000 2,501–3,000 6,000 3,001–3,500 7,000 3,501 and up 8,000 Pay-as-you-go Pay-as-you-go contract model: See Introduction to pay-as-you-go or go to the AWS Marketplace to buy a pay-as-you-go contract Note For users with existing licenses for cloud account assessment, credit requirements remain at 8,000 credits per assessed cloud account until license expiry. Disabling previously enabled desktop and server or cloud account assessment may cause a sharp drop in your Cyber Risk Index due to few assets being assessed. Cyber Risk Exposure Management (pricing model valid from November 20, 2023 to March 31, 2025) Enabling Cyber Risk Exposure Management grants you access to Attack Surface Discovery, Threat and Exposure Management, and Cloud Security Posture. Cyber Risk Overview is available without a license or credits. Identity Security Posture is available to all customers with a Cyber Risk Exposure Management entitlement. Note Once enabled, Cyber Risk Exposure Management automatically discovers your desktops, servers, and connected cloud accounts from your configured data sources, assesses the assets, and then allocates the necessary number of credits. If needed, you can override the automatically calculated number of assessed assets with a different total. The following table describes the available Cyber Risk Exposure Management offerings and required credits. Feature Description Required credits Desktop and server assessment Discover your assets and attack vectors, and automatically assess, prioritize, and mitigate risks associated with on-premise endpoints, internet-facing assets, identities, and applications. For more information, see the following topics: Attack Surface Discovery Threat and Exposure Management Cloud Security Posture Identity Security Posture 20 credits per assessed desktop or server Assessed desktops and servers include the total number of managed desktops and servers, plus any unmanaged desktops or servers in your environment that have experienced risk events in the last 30 days. Desktops and servers added to the exception list in Attack Surface Discovery are not included in the credit calculation. Cloud account assessment Discover and assess your cloud assets, including workloads, containers, storage, identities, applications, and APIs. For more information, see the following topics: Attack Surface Discovery Threat and Exposure Management Cloud Security Posture Identity Security Posture 8,000 credits per assessed cloud account Attack Surface Risk Management (add-on to XDR) The Attack Surface Risk Management (add-on to XDR) license grants you access to Attack Surface Discovery, Threat and Exposure Management, and Cloud Security Posture. Cyber Risk Overview is available without a license or credits. Identity Security Posture is available to all customers with an Cyber Risk Exposure Management entitlement. Note Attack Surface Risk Management (add-on to XDR) is the old pricing model for Cyber Risk Exposure Management, which is only available to customers who previously purchased a Attack Surface Risk Management (add-on to XDR) license. Customers retain the old original pricing model until the license expires. Because the credit requirement for this offering is equal to the total number of credits allocated to all enabled endpoint, email, and network sensors, you must deploy at least one type of XDR sensor to enable Attack Surface Risk Management (add-on to XDR). Depending on your license, you can update to the new pricing model in the following ways: Important Once you update to the new pricing model for Cyber Risk Exposure Management, you cannot change back to the old pricing model. If you have the new Cyber Risk Exposure Management license entitlement but are still using the old pricing model, go to Credit Settings in Cyber Risk Exposure Management and turn the feature off, then back on. Disabling and then and then re-enabling the feature automatically updates you to the new pricing model. If you have the old Attack Surface Risk Management (add-on to XDR) license entitlement, contact your sales representative to purchase the new license entitlement. Activating the new Cyber Risk Exposure Management license automatically updates you to the new pricing model. The following table describes the available offerings and required credits for Attack Surface Risk Management (add-on to XDR). Feature Description Required credits Attack Surface Risk Management (add-on to XDR) Discover your assets and attack vectors, and automatically assess, prioritize, and mitigate the risks associated with your attack surface. For more information, see the following topics: Attack Surface Discovery Threat and Exposure Management Cloud Security Posture Identity Security Posture The credits required for Attack Surface Risk Management (add-on to XDR) are equal to the total number of credits allocated to all enabled XDR sensors: 20 credits per XDR Endpoint Sensor deployment 3 credits per user account with XDR Email Sensor 12,500 credits per 500 Mbps on Virtual Network Sensor 25,000 credits per 1 Gbps on Network Sensor with Deep Discovery Inspector 12,500 credits per 500 Mbps on Network Sensor for TippingPoint Container Security The following table describes the available Trend Vision One Container Security offerings and required credits. Feature Description Required credits Container Security Ensure the security of your containers from build to termination and shield them against evolving threats at every step. Data retention period: 30 days (or in accordance with the Trend Vision One data retention policy) For more information, see Container Security. 1,100 credits per protected Kubernetes node or Amazon ECS instance 110 credits per protected serverless container pod or task Required credits are based on usage over the past 7 days. Data Transfer The following table describes the available Trend Vision One Data Transfer offerings and required credits. Feature Description Required credits Data transfer to third-party platforms Send XDR activity data from Trend Vision One to integrated third-party platforms to conduct data analysis or retain data for regulatory compliance and auditing purposes. Applicable integrations: AWS S3 bucket connector, Splunk HEC connector, and Datalake Pipeline public APIs To allocate and manage credits, go to Third-Party Integration and click to view Credit Settings. Specify the total annual Data allowance (in TB) for data transfer through the applicable integrations and click Save. You can also view a graph of data transfer over the past year and a table of daily data transfer (in GB) under Usage Details. Note Daily data transfer of less than 0.01 GB is calculated as 0.01 GB. 800 credits per 1 TB of data Email Inventory The following table describes the available Trend Vision One Email Inventory offerings and required credits. Feature Description Required credits Email Sensor Detect malicious or anomalous email activities on monitored mailboxes. For more information, see Email and Collaboration Sensor. 5 credits per user account Email and Collaboration Security Important Only customers that have updated to the Foundation Services release have access to the feature. The following table describes the available Trend Vision One Email and Collaboration Security offerings and required credits. For more information, see Credit requirements for Email and Collaboration Security. Feature Description Required credits Email Sensor Enable email sensor detection on user accounts to send activity data for state-of-the-art threat detection and alerting. Data retention period: 180 days (or in accordance with the Trend Vision One data retention policy) For more information, see Email and Collaboration Sensor. 5 credits per user account Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection Enable core protection for your email and collaboration services, including services in Microsoft 365 and Google Workspace, Box, and Dropbox. Data retention period: 180 days (or in accordance with the Trend Vision One data retention policy) For more information, see Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection. 25 credits per user account Enable advanced protection features including Inline Protection and Virtual Analyzer for URLs (URL sandboxing). Data retention period: 180 days (or in accordance with the Trend Vision One data retention policy) For more information, see Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection. 25 credits per user account Cloud Email Gateway Protection Enable core protection to safeguard your email gateways against phishing, ransomware, BEC, other advanced email threats, and spam. Data retention period: 180 days (or in accordance with the Trend Vision One data retention policy) For more information, see Cloud Email Gateway Protection. 25 credits per user account or email address Enable advanced protection features including Virtual Analyzer for URLs (URL sandboxing), Email Encryption, Email Continuity, Extra Large Message Size, and DMARC Report Analysis. Data retention period: 180 days (or in accordance with the Trend Vision One data retention policy) For more information, see Cloud Email Gateway Protection. 25 credits per user account or email address Endpoint Security Important Only customers that have updated to the Foundation Services release have access to the feature. The following table describes the available Trend Vision One Endpoint Security offerings and required credits. Feature Description Required credits Endpoint Sensor detection and response Enable Endpoint Sensors to send activity data for state-of-the-art threat detection and alerting. Data retention period: 30 days (or in accordance with the Trend Vision One data retention policy) For more information, see Endpoint Inventory. 20 credits per deployment Advanced Endpoint Security Enable layered protection and detection capabilities, like advanced anti-malware, ransomware protection, host-based intrusion prevention, device and application control, and more. Data retention period: 30 days (or in accordance with the Trend Vision One data retention policy) For more information, see Standard Endpoint Protection and Server & Workload Protection. 45 credits per deployment Advanced Server & Workload Protection Enable advanced threat prevention, detection, and response capabilities optimized for servers, workloads, and other critical assets. Data retention period: 30 days (or in accordance with the Trend Vision One data retention policy) For more information, see Server & Workload Protection. For details on credit allocation, see How does credit allocation work for Server & Workload Protection?. 235 credits per deployment File Security The following table describes the available Trend Vision One File Security offerings and required credits. Feature Description Required credits File Security SDK Enable File Security to scan your files and buckets for malicious software using free software development kits (SDKs) or a command line interface (CLI). Data retention period: 180 days (or in accordance with the Trend Vision One data retention policy) For more information, see File Security or Billing and pricing. 5,000 credits per 500,000 scans File Security Virtual Appliance Scan your files and buckets for malicious software using Service Gateway virtual appliances. Data retention period: 180 days (or in accordance with the Trend Vision One data retention policy) For more information, see File Security or Billing and pricing. 5,000 credits per 500,000 scans File Security Containerized Scanner Scan your file storage, cloud storage, network file system, and CI/CD pipeline via a local scanner installed on Kubernetes clusters. Data retention period: 180 days (or in accordance with the Trend Vision One data retention policy) For more information, see File Security or Billing and pricing. 5,000 credits per 500,000 scans File Security Storage (scans) Scan your storage for malicious software to help protect your applications, cloud storage, and more. Data retention period: 180 days (or in accordance with the Trend Vision One data retention policy) For more information, see File Security or Billing and pricing. 5,000 credits per 500,000 scans File Security Storage (buckets) Scan your storage for malicious software to help protect your applications, cloud storage, and more. Data retention period: 180 days (or in accordance with the Trend Vision One data retention policy) For more information, see File Security or Billing and pricing. 9,636 credits per bucket (unlimited scans for the bucket) Forensics The following table describes the available Trend Vision One Forensics offerings and required credits. Feature Description Required credits Data Allowance Collect digital evidence from your environment to support threat investigation and incident response. For more information, see Evidence collection. 400 credits per 1 GB of data usage Mobile Inventory The following table describes the available Trend Vision One Mobile Inventory offerings and required credits. Feature Description Required credits Mobile Sensor Enroll mobile devices to detect malicious mobile apps and identify other risks. Data retention period: 90 days (or in accordance with the Trend Vision One data retention policy) For more information, see Mobile Inventory. 5 credits per device Network Inventory The following table describes the available Trend Vision One Network Inventory offerings and required credits. Feature Description Required credits XDR Network Sensor Conduct advanced threat analysis on network activity. For more information, see Network Inventory. 25,000 credits per 1 Gbps of traffic Sandbox Analysis The following table describes the available Trend Vision One Sandbox Analysis offerings and required credits. Feature Description Required credits Reserved Submissions Submit objects for analysis in a secure virtual environment to determine the risk they pose to your organization. Data retention period: 180 days (or in accordance with the Trend Vision One data retention policy) For more information, see Sandbox Analysis. 50 credits per daily reserved submission Threat Intelligence The following table describes the available Trend Vision One Threat Intelligence offerings and required credits. Feature Description Required credits Threat Insights Receive the latest threat intelligence curated by Trend Micro threat experts, and view how current threats are affecting your own environment. For more information, see Threat Insights. 50,000 credits per user account Trend Threat Intelligence Feed Integrate Trend Threat Intelligence Feed into your proprietary security environment via API to receive the latest, continuously updated threat intelligence. For more information, see Set up the API for the Trend Threat Intelligence Feed. Trend Threat Intelligence Feed: 150,000 credits per year Trend Threat Intelligence Feed for Service Providers: 500,000 credits per year XDR for Cloud The following table describes the available Trend Vision One XDR for Cloud offerings and required credits. Feature Description Required credits Cloud Detections for AWS CloudTrail Get actionable insight into user, service, and resource activity with detection models identifying activity such as privilege escalation, password modification, attempted data exfiltration, and potentially unsanctioned MFA changes. XDR for Cloud requires credits to use. Click the Credit settings icon () to view your usage reservation, allocated credits, and a graph of past data usage. Eligible customers can start a free trial, or directly allocate credits. For more information, see Estimating and monitoring XDR for Cloud usage. Data retention period: 30 days (or in accordance with the Trend Vision One data retention policy) For more information, see AWS features and permissions. 3 credits per 1 GB of data from all log sources: Cloud Detections for AWS CloudTrail Cloud Detections for AWS VPC Flow Logs Cloud Detections for Amazon Security Lake Cloud Detections for AWS VPC Flow Logs Collect your Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) flow logs enabling Trend Vision One to gather insight into your VPC traffic, with detection models to identify and provide alerts on malicious IP traffic, SSH brute force attacks, data exfiltration, and more. XDR for Cloud requires credits to use. Click the Credit settings icon () to view your usage reservation, allocated credits, and a graph of past data usage. Eligible customers can start a free trial, or directly allocate credits. For more information, see Estimating and monitoring XDR for Cloud usage. Data retention period: 30 days (or in accordance with the Trend Vision One data retention policy) For more information, see AWS features and permissions. Cloud Detections for Amazon Security Lake Get actionable insights into your environment with XDR detection models to alert when malicious and suspicious activity is detected in your cloud resources, services, and network. XDR for Cloud requires credits to use. Click the Credit settings icon () to view your usage reservation, allocated credits, and a graph of past data usage. Eligible customers can start a free trial, or directly allocate credits. For more information, see Estimating and monitoring XDR for Cloud usage. Data retention period: 30 days (or in accordance with the Trend Vision One data retention policy) For more information, see AWS features and permissions. XDR for Networks Important Only customers that have updated to the Foundation Services release have access to the feature. The following table describes the available Trend Vision One XDR for Networks offerings and required credits. Feature Description Required credits Virtual Network Sensor Deploy and connect the Virtual Network Sensor to monitor network activity. Data retention period: 30 days (or in accordance with the Trend Vision One data retention policy) For more information, see Virtual Network Sensor. 12,500 credits per 500 Mbps of traffic Calculated based on total average scanned throughput up to the last 30 days. Credits are allocated dynamically. For more information, see Credit allocation for Network Security. Deep Discovery Inspector network sensor Connect the Deep Discovery Inspector appliance and enable the network sensor feature to monitor network traffic. Data retention period: 180 days (or in accordance with the Trend Vision One data retention policy) For more information, see Network Inventory. 25,000 credits per 1 Gbps of traffic Calculated based on the configured maximum bandwidth of connected appliances with the network sensor feature enabled. Credits are allocated when Network Sensor is enabled. For more information, see Credit allocation for Network Security. TippingPoint network sensor Connect your TippingPoint SMS and enable the network sensor feature on managed appliances to monitor network traffic. 12,500 credits per 500 Mbps of traffic. Calculated based on the monitored traffic of all Network Sensors for TippingPoint over the past 30 days. Credits are allocated dynamically. Send to sandbox for Virtual Network Sensor Send suspicious files and other objects to a virtual sandbox for analysis. Results are displayed in the Sandbox Analysis app. 2,000 credits per 500 Mbps of traffic XDR for OT The following table describes the available Trend Vision One XDR for OT offerings and required credits. Note After you connect your TXOne StellarOne or TXOne EdgeOne to Trend Vision One, credits are automatically allocated when data is transmitted from your managed OT agents or Edge network devices. Feature Description Required credits XDR for OT - Device Collect detection logs from your managed OT agents to conduct advanced threat analysis on endpoint activity. Data retention period: 30 days (or in accordance with the Trend Vision One data retention policy) 20 credits per agent XDR for OT - Network Collect detection logs from your EdgeIPS devices to conduct advanced threat analysis on network activity. Data retention period: 30 days (or in accordance with the Trend Vision One data retention policy) 200 credits per node The following table describes the mapping between the device model and converted number of nodes for each OT network device. Note You can manage the network device models in the TXOne EdgeOne console. Product Model type Model information Node unit EdgeIPS EdgeIPS-102 IPS 102-BP-R 1 EdgeIPS EdgeIPS-103 IPS 103-BP-R 1 EdgeIPS Pro EdgeIPS Pro-1048 IPS Pro-1048-BP 12 EdgeIPS Pro EdgeIPS Pro-2096 IPS Pro-2096-BP 36 EdgeIPS Pro EdgeIPS Pro 216-R IPS Pro-216-BP-R 8 EdgeIPS Pro EdgeIPS Pro 216-C IPS Pro-216-BP 8 EdgeIPS Lite EdgeIPS LE-102 IPS LE-102-BP 1 EdgeFire EdgeFire 1012 IEF-1012-R 1 Zero Trust Secure Access The following table describes the available Trend Vision One Zero Trust Secure Access offerings and required credits. Feature Description Required credits Private Access Gain control over your users' access to internal applications by enabling Private Access. Data retention period: 180 days (or in accordance with the Trend Vision One data retention policy) For more information, see Private Access. Private Access: 50 credits per user Internet Access and AI Service Access Gain control over your users' access to the internet by enabling Internet Access, and secure user access to generative AI services by enabling AI service access. Data retention period: 180 days (or in accordance with the Trend Vision One data retention policy) For more information, see Internet Access and AI Service Access. Internet Access: 60 credits per user AI Service Access: 50 credits per user Internet Access and AI Service Access (bundled): 85 credits per user Note Enabling or disabling certain functions on on-premises gateways causes Zero Trust Secure Access to begin calculating credits for Internet Access based on the total vCPUs allocated to the corresponding Service Gateway. Actions that result in credit calculation by vCPU usage include: Not requiring user authentication for endpoints connecting without the Secure Access Module installed Disabling the uploading of activity data from on-premises gateways to Trend Vision One Enabling ICAP mode Enabling reverse proxy mode Total required credits are calculated by the number of authenticated users over the last 180 days plus the daily number of allocated vCPUs. One vCPU is equivalent to 75 users. Private IP addresses permitted to bypass user authentication are included in the Internet Access user count when connecting through configured gateways. Each IP address is counted as one user. If you enabled Internet Access or AI Service Access in the past 180 days, the user count includes any Internet Access or AI Service Access users from the past 180 days, even if the service is now disabled. Related information Considerations for updating to the new Cyber Risk Exposure Management pricing model © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base