---
id: credit-usage
title: Annual credits
sidebar_label: Annual credits
description: Annual credits
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Annual credits View detailed information about your valid credits, your credit allocation across the Trend Vision One platform, your purchase history, and all available features that require credits on the Annual credits tab. Trend Vision One credits provide a flexible and convenient way for you to enable features in Trend Vision One without purchasing individual licenses for specific offerings. For more information, see Introduction to credit-based licensing. The following table outlines the information available in the Summary section of the Annual credits tab. Total valid credits The current total number of valid credits, including both purchased Trend Vision One credits and credits converted from Trend Micro license entitlements. Allocated credits The number of credits currently allocated to Trend Vision One apps and services that require credits. Current balance The number of remaining credits available to be allocated to Trend Vision One apps and services. Note If your allocated credits exceed your total valid credits, your current balance displays a negative value. You can purchase more credits by contacting your sales representative or going to an affiliated marketplace in order to allocate additional credits to Trend Vision One apps and services. Having a negative credit balance does not prevent you from using any Trend Vision One app or service. If you are unable to access or use a feature, you might need to try again or contact your support provider. Details Click View details for more information on your credit purchases and license entitlements converted into credits. The following table outlines the information available in the Allocated credits section of the Annual credits tab. Pie chart The pie chart displays the proportions of your total allocated credits which are allocated to each offering. The center of the chart lists your total number of allocated credits, as well as their percentage of your total valid credits. Legend The legend lists the number of credits allocated to each Trend Vision One offering, as well as their percentage of your total allocated credits. Details Click View details to see exact the number of credits allocated to each feature. The following table outlines the information available in the History section of the Annual credits tab. Graph The graph displays your total valid credits (represented by a solid line) and allocated credits (represented by a dotted line) over a one-year period. Details Click View details for more information on your credit purchases and license entitlements converted into credits. The All available features section of the Annual credits tab provides detailed information on all credit offerings, including the name, description, credit requirement, and allocation status of each feature. If no credits are allocated to an individual offering, you can click Set up allocation to begin allocating credits and using the feature. If credits are already allocated to an individual offering, you can click Manage allocation to modify your credit settings. For offerings using pay-as-you-go billing, you can click Go to app and follow the instructions to view your usage and billing details. Note For a full list of Trend Micro offerings that support credits, see Credit requirements for Trend Vision One solutions, capabilities, and features. Related information Introduction to credit-based licensing Credit requirements for Trend Vision One solutions, capabilities, and features Trend Vision One solutions and features with free trials Purchase credits from AWS Marketplace Purchase credits from Azure Marketplace License entitlements calculated into credits © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base