---
id: credit-network-inventory
title: Credit allocation for Network Security
sidebar_label: Credit allocation for Network Security
description: Credit allocation for Network Security
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Credit allocation for Network Security Learn how to calculate your credit requirements based on your Network Inventory configuration. The credit requirements for Network Security features are based on the bandwidth usage of your configured Network Sensors. Note Network Inventory retains data for all Network Sensors for 180 days. Feature Description Required Credits Virtual Network Sensor Deploy and connect the Virtual Network Sensor to monitor network activity. 12,500 credits per 500 Mbps of traffic Calculated based on total average scanned throughput up to the last 30 days. Credits are allocated dynamically. Deep Discovery Inspector network sensor Connect the Deep Discovery Inspector appliance and enable the network sensor feature to monitor network traffic. 25,000 credits per 1 Gbps of traffic Calculated based on the configured maximum bandwidth of connected appliances with the network sensor feature enabled. Credits are allocated when Network Sensor is enabled. TippingPoint network sensor Connect your TippingPoint SMS and enable the network sensor feature on managed appliances to monitor network traffic. 12,500 credits per 500 Mbps of traffic. Calculated based on the monitored traffic of all Network Sensors for TippingPoint over the past 30 days. Credits are allocated dynamically. Send to sandbox for Virtual Network Sensor Send suspicious files and other objects to a virtual sandbox for analysis. Results are displayed in the Sandbox Analysis app. 2,000 credits per 500 Mbps of traffic Calculated based on total average scanned throughput up to the last 30 days. Credits are allocated dynamically. Your total Network Sensor bandwidth is displayed at the top of the Network Inventory app screen. Click Bandwidth usage to view a breakdown of bandwidth usage by sensor type and individual connected sensors. You can view the current credit requirements by hovering your mouse over Credit Usage or clicking the Credit Settings icon (). For Virtual Network Sensors, average throughput is calculated on each Virtual Network Sensor up to the last 30 days. The averages are added together and rounded up to the nearest 500 Mbps to determine bandwidth usage and calculate the credit requirement. Newly deployed Virtual Network Sensors can only calculate their usage up to when the sensor was first connected to Network Inventory. Tip You can view your actual scanned bandwidth with the Monitored Network Throughput widget in the Dashboards app. The first time you choose to deploy a Virtual Network Sensor, you are given a 30-day free trial. During the trial, Network Inventory starts calculating your average scanned throughput. If you choose to auto-allocate credits at the end of your trial, the required credits are calculated based on your average usage during the trial period. You can use the Send to sandbox for Virtual Network Sensor feature during the 30-day free trial without allocating credits. Important If you do not turn on credit auto-allocation during the free trial, your Virtual Network Sensors are disconnected at the end of the trial. To reconnect, you must turn on dynamic allocation of credits. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base