---
id: credits-azure-marketplace
title: Purchase credits from Azure Marketplace
sidebar_label: Purchase credits from Azure Marketplace
description: Purchase credits from Azure Marketplace
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Purchase credits from Azure Marketplace Purchase a Trend Vision One credits license from the Microsoft Azure Marketplace. You can purchase a Trend Vision One credits license from the Azure Marketplace. The license is a renewable 12-month subscription-based contract. You can increased the number of credits granted by the license through Azure Marketplace at anytime. Note Your company can have multiple active credits licenses, including from Azure Marketplace. Each license appears as a separate item in the Trend Vision One License Information app. The total amount of credits for all licenses are available for use across Trend Vision One. A credits license purchased from Azure Marketplace can only be activated once. A license cannot be transferred to another registered business after activation. If you need to change your license to another registered business, contact your support provider. Follow the steps below to purchase a credits license from Azure Marketplace and activate the license in the Trend Vision One. Procedure On the Azure Marketplace, search for Trend Vision One Credits and click the name. Click Get It Now. In the Trend Vision One™ screen, under SaaS details type a name for the SaaS resource. Next to Number of users (3-1000000), type the total number of credits you want to subscribe to. Important The number of credits required per user varies greatly depending on the services you enable in Trend Vision One. To simplify the purchasing process, each "user" specified equates to one credit. However, one credit is not sufficient for one user. For information about the credit requirement for each Trend Vision One service, see Credit requirements for Trend Vision One solutions, capabilities, and features. Note Recurring billing is enabled by default. If you do not want your credits subscription to automatically renew at the end of the billing term, select Off for Recurring billing. This setting can be changed at any time from the Edit recurring billing tab. Click Review + subscribe. Review the contract details and click Configure account now to open the Trend Vision One console. Sign in to the Trend Vision One console using an account with licensing permission. The Activate your Trend Micro Solutions screen appears after signing in. Review the license details and click Activate. After activating the license, you can view the license and credit information in the License Information and Credits & Billing apps. Note After purchasing and activating the credits license, you can increase the number of credits at any time from the Change No. of users tab. The newly added credits appear as a separate item in the License Information app with the same expiration date. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base