---
id: criteria-for-custom-expressions
title: Criteria for custom expressions
sidebar_label: Criteria for custom expressions
description: Criteria for custom expressions
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Criteria for custom expressions View the available options for creating custom expressions. Criteria options for customized expressions Criteria Rule Example None None All - Names from US Census Bureau Expression: [^\w]([A-Z][a-z]{1,12}(\s?,\s?|[\s]|\s([A-Z])\.\s)[A-Z][a-z]{1,12})[^\w] Specific characters An expression must include the characters you have specified. In addition, the number of characters in the expression must be within the minimum and maximum limits. US - ABA Routing Number Expression: [^\d]([0123678]\d{8})[^\d] Characters: 0123456789 Minimum characters: 9 Maximum characters: 9 Suffix Suffix refers to the last segment of an expression. A suffix must include the characters you have specified and contain a certain number of characters. In addition, the number of characters in the expression must be within the minimum and maximum limits. All - Home Address Expression: \D(\d+\s[a-z.]+\s([a-z]+\s){0,2} (lane|ln|street|st|avenue|ave| road|rd|place|pl|drive|dr|circle| cr|court|ct|boulevard|blvd)\.? [0-9a-z,#\s\.]{0,30}[\s|,][a-z]{2}\ s\d{5}(-\d{4})?)[^\d-] Suffix characters: 0123456789- Number of characters: 5 Minimum characters in the expression: 25 Maximum characters in the expression: 80 Single- character separator An expression must have two segments separated by a character. The character must be 1 byte in length. In addition, the number of characters left of the separator must be within the minimum and maximum limits. The number of characters right of the separator must not exceed the maximum limit. All - Email Address Expression: [^\w.]([\w\.]{1,20}@[a-z0-9]{2,20}[\.][a-z]{2,5}[a-z\.]{0,10})[^\w.] Separator: @ Minimum characters to the left: 3 Maximum characters to the left: 15 Maximum characters to the right: 30 © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base