---
id: custom-tags-filters
title: Custom Tags and Filters
sidebar_label: Custom Tags and Filters
description: Custom Tags and Filters
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Custom Tags and Filters Use tags and filters based on your network and management requirements. Trend Micro suggests that you consider the following when using tags and filters: Group users based on your Active Directory organization Group endpoints based on their location Group users or endpoints with similar properties or characteristics For example: Group users based on direct supervisor associations Group endpoints using the same operating system Note Any Trend Micro Apex Central user account that has permission to create or modify custom tags, filters, or important labels in the User/Endpoint Directory can view or modify custom tags, filters, or important labels created by all other user accounts. Editing a tag, filter, or importance label on the User/Endpoint Directory screen also modifies the corresponding tag, filter, or importance label used by log queries and reports. For example, if the an endpoint is removed from a custom filter on the User/Endpoint Directory screen, then log queries and generated reports that use the filter will exclude data from the removed endpoint. Trend Micro Apex Central automatically assigns importance to Domain Admins (users) and Domain Controllers (endpoints) after Active Directory synchronization. The current version of Trend Micro Apex Central only supports one important Domain Admin and one important Domain Controller for each integrated Active Directory domain. Individual user accounts can no longer assign separate important tags for the same Domain Admins and Domain Controllers. If you have preexisting important tags for Domain Admins and Domain Controllers created by separate user accounts on a previous version of Trend Micro Apex Central, the preexisting Domain Admins and Domain Controllers will be deleted and replaced with one important Domain Admin and one important Domain Controller for each integrated Active Directory domain. Tip The User Access log query data view provides details about any user modifications related to any available custom tags or filters. For more information, see the following topics: Querying Logs Generate custom reports for tagged users and endpoints by specifying the associated tags, filters, or importance labels as the report targets. For more information, see the following topics: Creating One-time Reports Adding Scheduled Reports Editing Scheduled Reports Related information Custom Tags Filters User or Endpoint Importance © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base