---
id: custom-asset-tags
title: Custom asset tags
sidebar_label: Custom asset tags
description: Custom asset tags
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Custom asset tags Add, remove, assign, and modify custom asset tags in Attack Surface Discovery to add context to assets and improve asset organization. A custom asset tag consists of a property and a value that you define. Custom asset tags allow you to add additional context to discovered assets in order to better define, organize, and filter assets according to your organization's priorities. Assign tags to an asset, and then view the tags on the associated asset profile screen or card. You may also filter assets for specific tags from the asset lists in Attack Surface Discovery. Custom tag management is performed on the Manage Tags screen. Open the Manage Tags screen by: Selecting one or more assets from the asset list and clicking Manage Tags Hovering over the name of an asset on the asset profile screen, selecting the Custom Tags tab, and clicking Manage Tags Going to a specific asset profile and clicking Manage Tags in the sidebar Important Custom tagging is not available for application and API-type assets. Tag properties and values are case sensitive. Tag properties and values have a maximum length of 64 characters, and cannot have initial or final spaces. Only letters, numbers, spaces, and the following special characters are supported: .@:+=_/- You may assign a maximum of 20 custom tags to an individual asset. Tags are counted by the number of values assigned. Example: A device is assigned "Unit: Global" and "Unit: Europe" custom tags. The device currently has two custom tags. It may take up to five minutes for changes to custom tags on an asset to take effect. The following table describes the actions available on the Manage Tags screen. Action Procedure Add custom tags Click Add Tag. Specify a property for the new tag. Specify one or more values for the tag. Important Tags must include a unique property and at least one value. Click Add Tag to continue adding more tags. Click Save when finished. The new tags are displayed in Available tags. Delete or edit custom tags Select the edit icon () next to a tag in Available Tags. Edit the tag property or value, or delete the tag. Deleted tags are removed from Available tags and from all assigned assets. Click Save. Assign custom tags to assets On the Manage Tags screen, select one or more properties with corresponding values from Available tags. Click the right arrow to move the tags to Tags assigned to all selected assets. Click Save. All selected tags are assigned to all selected assets. Remove custom tags from assets On the Manage Tags screen, select one or more properties with corresponding values from Tags assigned to all selected assets. Click the left arrow to remove the tags from Tags assigned to all selected assets. Click Save. All selected tags are removed from all selected assets. Removed tags are still available in Available tags. Search for available custom tags Begin typing the name of a property into the search field above the list of available tags to display available properties and values. View all selected assets When managing tags on multiple assets, click Edit asset list to display a list of all selected assets and the number of tags currently assigned to each asset. Remove assets from the list of selected assets Find the desired asset on the list of all selected assets and click the delete icon (). © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base