---
id: custom-resources-cluster-manag
title: Custom resources for cluster-managed policies
sidebar_label: Custom resources for cluster-managed policies
description: Custom resources for cluster-managed policies
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Custom resources for cluster-managed policies Cluster-managed policies should include deployment and continuous rules, exceptions for admission evaluation with exceptions, and the toggle for XDR features, including telemetry, with xdrEnabled. Use the following information to create your policy for cluster-managed policies. rules Rules include an array of deployment and continuous rules. For each rule, you can specify the following: type: Type of policy rule. See the table of policy rule types below. action: Deployment action to take when a rule fails during admission control. Use either log or block. mitigation: Mitigation action to take when a rule fails during continuous oversight. Use one of the following: log, terminate, or isolate Note If the action is block, the mitigation can only be terminate or isolate. properties: The rule properties object that specifies additional properties for the rule type. See the table of policy rule types below for more details on the required properties. namespaces: A list of namespaces where the rule is applied. Exceptions are applied to all namespaces by default. exceptions For each policy exception rule, you can specify the following: type: Type of exception. Supported types include: imageRegistry imageName imageTag imagePath properties: Properties for each exception that must specify the operator and values. operator: Conditional operator to apply to the exception values, including equals, notEquals, contains and notContains. values: A list of string values to match the exception type. namespaces: A list of namespaces where the rule is applied. Exceptions are applied to all namespaces by default. xdrEnabled Include xdrEnabled to access XDR telemetry and resources. Policy rule types Rule type Description Rule properties (required) hostIPC Pods that do not generally permit containers to run with the hostIPC flag set to true N/A hostNetwork Pods that do not generally permit containers to run with the hostNetwork flag set to true N/A hostPID Pods that do not generally permit containers to run with the hostPID flag set to true N/A runAsNonRoot Pods with containers that can run as root due to runAsNonRoot setting not being used N/A privileged Containers that run with the securityContext.privileged flag set to true N/A allowPrivilegeEscalation Containers that run with the allowPrivilegeEscalation flag set to true N/A readOnlyRootFilesystem Containers that allow writing to the root filesystem where the readOnlyRootFilesystem flag set to false N/A podPortForward Attempts to create a port-forward on a running kubernetes pod N/A podExec Attempts to execute in/attach to a running kubernetes pod N/A containerCapabilities Containers with capabilities that do not conform with the capability restriction capabilityRestriction: Type of container capability restriction to enforce Supported values: restrict-nondefaults restrict-all baseline restricted imageRegistry Containers running images that match registries operator: Conditional operator to apply to values Supported values: equals notEquals contains notContains startsWith values: An array of string values to match for the rule type imageName Containers running images that match the path after the registry and before the tag Example: http://example.com/org/image:latest operator: Conditional operator to apply to values Supported values: equals notEquals contains notContains startsWith values: An array of string values to match for the rule type imageTag Containers running images that match tags operator: Conditional operator to apply to values Supported values: equals notEquals contains notContains startsWith values: An array of string values to match for the rule type imagePath Containers running images that match the path from the registry to the tag Example: example.com/org/image:latest operator: Conditional operator to apply to values Supported values: equals notEquals contains notContains startsWith values: An array of string values to match for the rule type imagesNotScanned Images that have not been scanned for vulnerabilities, malware, or secrets in the last number of days selected scanType: Type of artifact scan Supported values: vulnerability malware secret maxScanAge: Maximum age of the scan result in days (integer value between 0 and 35 days) imagesWithMalware Images that contain malware N/A imagesWithSecrets Images that contain secrets N/A imagesWithVulnerabilities Images with vulnerabilities that include a minimum severity severity: Severity of the vulnerability Supported values: critical high medium low any imagesWithCVSSAttackVector Images with vulnerabilities that meet the defined CVSS attack vector and minimum severity severity: Severity of the vulnerability Supported values: critical high medium low any attackVector: CVSS attack vector network physical adjacent imagesWithCVSSAttackComplexity Images with vulnerabilities that meet the defined CVSS attack complexity and minimum severity severity: Severity of the vulnerability Supported values: critical high medium low any attackComplexity: CVSS attack complexity Supported values: low high imagesWithCVSSAvailabilityImpact Images with vulnerabilities that meet the defined CVSS availability impact and minimum severity severity: Severity of the vulnerability Supported values: critical high medium low any availabilityImpact: CVSS availability impact Supported values: low high © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base