---
id: custom-cloud-app-categories
title: Custom cloud app categories
sidebar_label: Custom cloud app categories
description: Custom cloud app categories
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Custom cloud app categories Add custom cloud app categories that you can use in secure access rules to allow or deny users' access to specific cloud apps. Trend Micro provides the Cloud Reputation Services that can identify and categorize cloud applications. Trend Micro experts constantly evaluate, assess, and adjust cloud applications' risk levels based on multiple criteria to ensure that customers always have the latest information. Note Custom cloud app categories can be applied to the following: Risk rules Internet access rules Integrated with Cloud Reputation Services, Trend Vision One allows you to group a set of cloud applications based on your corporate compliance, and then add them in Internet Access rules to contain access to these apps. The following table outlines the actions available on the Custom Cloud App Categories tab (Zero Trust Secure Access → Secure Access Resources → Custom Cloud App Categories). Action Description Add a custom cloud app category For more information, see Adding a custom cloud app category. Check custom cloud app category details View the basic information about a custom cloud app category. Configure a custom cloud app category Click to change the basic information about a custom cloud app category. Click to duplicate a custom cloud app category. This provides a convenient way of adding a new custom cloud app category with settings similar to an existing category. Click to delete a custom cloud app category from Trend Vision One. To delete more than one custom cloud app category, select the categories and click Delete in the upper left. Note Only the custom cloud app category that is not in use by any secure access rule can be deleted. View predefined custom cloud app categories Internet Access predefines two custom cloud app categories, one containing all cloud apps with a risk level of "high" and the other containing all sanctioned cloud apps. The predefined custom cloud app categories update automatically when the risk level or app status of a cloud app changes. Click to view the latest list of cloud apps in each custom cloud app category. Related information Adding a custom cloud app category © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base