---
id: custom-url-categories
title: Custom URL categories
sidebar_label: Custom URL categories
description: Custom URL categories
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Custom URL categories Add custom URL categories to subject URLs that are not part of predefined categories to secure access rules. Adding and configuring custom URL categories allows you to apply groups of URLs you define to rules and settings throughout Zero Trust Secure Access. Custom URL categories can be applied to the following rules and settings: Risk rules Internet Access rules HTTPS inspection rules Bandwidth control rules Outbound static IP settings Note The following table outlines the actions available on the Custom URL Categories tab (Zero Trust Secure Access → Secure Access Resources → Custom URL Categories). Action Description Add a custom URL category On the Custom URL Categories tab, and click Add. Specify a unique name for the category. This name appears in the available URL categories list when you configure internet access rules and HTTPS inspection rules. Select a match mode. Domain match: Matches URLs from specified domains along with all relevant subdomains Keyword match: Matches URLs containing specified keywords URL match: Matches specific URLs Note HTTPS URLs are not supported in bandwidth control rules, HTTPS inspection rules, or outbound static IP settings. In Internet Access and risk rules, matches for HTTPS URLs are based on the decrypted version of the URL. Specify the desired domains, keywords, or URLs based on the match mode, separating them with spaces, and then click Add. Tip Zero Trust Secure Access supports the following wildcard characters: * : Matches any number of characters ? : Matches a single character in a specific position To remove an entry, click at the end of the column corresponding to the entry. Click Save. Check custom URL category details View the basic information about a URL category. Configure a custom URL category Click the edit () icon in the Action column to change the basic information about a URL category. Click the copy () icon in the Action column to duplicate a URL category. This provides a convenient way of adding a new URL category with settings similar to an existing category. Click the delete () icon in the Action column to delete a URL category from Trend Vision One. To delete more than one URL category, select the categories and click Delete in the upper left. Note Only custom URL categories that are not currently in use by any rules or settings can be deleted. Note Internet Access uses Trend Micro Web Reputation Services to categorize URLs. If an accessed URL is identified as "Untested" or "Newly Observed Domain", Internet Access uses Dynamic URL Categorization technology to perform real-time categorization of the website based on the website content and HTTP URL. Related information URL filtering category groups © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base