---
id: cyber-risk-assessment-intro
title: Cyber Risk Assessment
sidebar_label: Cyber Risk Assessment
description: Cyber Risk Assessment
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Cyber Risk Assessment Scan your cloud mailboxes, endpoints, and other assets within your environment to assess your risk and find any threats that may have evaded your existing security solutions. You can run different assessment types simultaneously, but you must complete an assessment before starting another of the same type. The following table outlines information about the assessment options. Assessment Type Scope Requirements Assessment Steps Output Trending Global Threats OpenSSL Vulnerability Samba: Linux Log4Shell: Linux, Windows, and macOS File activity and file-based threat indicators Assessment tool deployment You can deploy the assessment tool using your preferred system utility or share the download link with users. Choose the assessment type and follow the on-screen instructions to complete the assessment. Displays a report that provides a snapshot of your security posture. You can also download a PDF copy of the report or a CSV file containing all detection data. Cloud Risk Management Assessment Cloud Risk Management Assessment to scan cloud account to gain visibility of cloud resource misconfiguration against best practices and the most common frameworks and standards. Allow Cloud Risk Management to scan account and provide assessment. Cloud Account: Add a cloud account before you start the assessment. Click Start Assessment and follow the on-screen instructions to complete the assessment. For more detailed steps, see Getting Started with Cloud Risk Management Assessment. Displays a snapshot of assessment results for the cloud account against the best practices including most common compliance standards and frameworks. External Attack Surface Assessment Internet-facing devices and assets including ports and vulnerabilities One or more domains within your business Click Start Assessment and follow the on-screen instructions to complete the assessment. You can manage your domains in Attack Surface Discovery. If you have not set up Attack Surface Discovery, you can specify up to 10 domains to assess. Note If you are a new Trend Vision One user, the Cyber Risk Assessment app might take a few minutes to set up the necessary resources before External Attack Surface Assessment is ready to use. Displays a report that provides a snapshot of your security posture. You can download a PDF copy of the report or view detailed information in the Threat and Exposure Management app. For more information, see Threat and Exposure Management. Identity Posture Assessment Identity-related assets within your environment Permission to access data in your configured Identity and Access Management (IAM) system Note Currently, only Microsoft Entra ID is supported. Click Start Assessment, then connect to your configured IAM. Select a tenant to start the assessment. Note The steps may vary depending on the connected IAM system. Displays a report that provides a snapshot of your identity posture. You can download a PDF copy of the report or view detailed information in the Identity Security Posture app. For more information, see Identity Security Posture. Phishing Simulation Assessment Users and user emails Set the allow list settings. For more information, see Phishing Simulation Assessment general allow list settings. (Optional) Verify your domain ownership. For more information, see Verifying domain ownership. Click Start Assessment and follow the on-screen instructions to complete the assessment. You may need to configure the allow list for your mailbox and/or email security solution. For more detailed steps, see Phishing Simulation Assessment. Displays a report that provides a snapshot of your assessment results. You can also download a CSV file containing all assessment data. At-Risk Endpoint Assessment macOS Windows File activity and file-based threat indicators Assessment tool deployment You can deploy the assessment tool using your preferred system utility or share the download link with users. Click Start Assessment, then download and deploy the assessment tool. Select target endpoints to assess, then follow the on-screen instructions to complete the assessment. For more detailed instructions, see At-Risk Endpoint Assessment. Displays a report that provides a snapshot of your security posture. You can also download a PDF copy of the report or a CSV file containing all detection data. Exchange Online Mailbox/ Gmail Assessment Office 365 Google Workspace Messages sent and received in the last 15 to 30 days (including spam) Permission to access mailboxes for scanning Important Trend Vision One does not access or store user credentials. Choose Office 365 or Google Workspace and click Start Assessment. Grant permission for Trend Vision One to access your mailboxes, then follow the on-screen instructions to complete the assessment. For more detailed instructions, see Exchange Online Mailbox/Gmail Assessment. Displays a report that provides a snapshot of your security posture. You can also download a PDF copy of the report or a CSV file containing all detection data. Related information Cloud Risk Management Assessment Identity Posture Assessment Exchange Online Mailbox/Gmail Assessment Phishing Simulation Assessment At-Risk Endpoint Assessment © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base