---
id: dark-web-monitoring
title: Dark web monitoring
sidebar_label: Dark web monitoring
description: Dark web monitoring
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Dark web monitoring Learn more about how Cyber Risk Exposure Management monitors for your organization's data leaked on the dark web. Cyber criminals phish users and exploit vulnerabilities in websites, databases, networks, and web apps to gain access to confidential data, such as user credentials. This information is then often traded or sold on underground online platforms, commonly known as the dark web. Trend Micro specialists constantly monitor the internet, particularly the dark web, for leaked data. Once such data is identified, it is validated and ingested into Cyber Risk Exposure Management. When you register a domain in Trend Vision One, a scan is performed to verify whether the domain user data has been compromised by a leak—with historical data back to 2010. Afterward, Cyber Risk Exposure Management performs additional scans on a weekly basis. In Threat and Exposure Management, data leaks are represented by the Leaked Account Identification risk event. The following items can be listed in the compromisedFields field, which indicates the types of data compromised in the leak: Data type Description name Name surname Surname fullname Full name dob Date of birth ssn Social Security Number (US), or Número de Afiliación de Seguridad Social or Número de Usuario de Seguridad Social (Spain) nid National Identification Number (Europe) sin Social Insurance Number (Canada) passport Passport number tax_id Tax identification number driving_license Driver's license number address Full address city City of the address state State of the address zip Zip code of the address country Country of the address phone Telephone number telephone Telephone number email Email address username Username password Password insurance_provider Insurance provider insurance_account Insurance account number medical_info Medical insurance account number bank_account Bank account number iban International bank account number credit_card Credit card number mother_name Mother's maiden name domain Email domain company Company name Tip If leaked data types include email, username or password, assess whether there was additional damage by checking for account compromise risks, such as password guessing or impossible travel, around the date of the leak. Trend Micro recommends that you reset the password of all accounts compromised by a leak, as well as the password of any other accounts that use the same password. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base