---
id: data-source-setup
title: Tenable Security Center data source setup
sidebar_label: Tenable Security Center data source setup
description: Tenable Security Center data source setup
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Tenable Security Center data source setup Gain vulnerability insights by connecting your Tenable Security Center data source with Trend Vision One. Connect your Tenable Security Center environment to Trend Vision One to gain access to the following reports: Operating systems with vulnerabilities Applications with vulnerabilities Note The specified Tenable Security Center account requires the following permission: Access Control - Can View (for the asset objects to be exported) Procedure Generate the Tenable Security Center secret key and access key required to allow a connection to Trend Vision One. Important The following Tenable Security Center instructions were valid as of April 3, 2024. For further help, see the Tenable Security Center documentation. Sign in to Tenable Security Center via the user interface. Go to Users → Users. Select the box next to the user account with administrative or organizational permissions to use for generating the required API keys.The available actions for the user account appear at the top of the table. Click API Keys → Generate API Key.A confirmation window appears. Click Generate. Copy your access key and secret key for later use in the Trend Vision One console. Configure a Service Gateway with the Tenable Security Center Connector service. To use an existing Service Gateway: In the Trend Vision One console, go to Workflow and Automation → Service Gateway Management. Click the name of the Service Gateway on which you want to configure the Tenable Security Center Connector service. Click Manage Services. Click the install icon () next to Tenable Security Center Connector. To install and use a new Service Gateway: In the Trend Vision One console, go to Workflow and Automation → Service Gateway Management. Click Download Virtual Appliance. Select either VMware ESXi (OVA) or Microsoft Hyper-V (VHDX) as the disk image type you want to use. Click Download Disk Image. Copy the Registration Token, which you will need when deploying the appliance. Install the Service Gateway virtual appliance. For detailed deployment instructions, see: Deploying a Service Gateway virtual appliance with VMware ESXi Deploying a Service Gateway virtual appliance with Microsoft Hyper-V Click Close. If you do not see the new Service Gateway in Service Gateway Management, click the refresh icon (). Click the name of the Service Gateway on which you want to configure the Tenable Security Center Connector service. Click Manage Services. Click the install icon () next to Tenable Security Center Connector. Connect the Tenable Security Center data source to Trend Vision One. In the Trend Vision One console, go to Cyber Risk Exposure Management → Cyber Risk Overview and click Data sources. In the Third-Party Data Sources section, click Tenable Security Center. Click Configure integration settings in Third-Party Integration.The Tenable Security Center screen in Third-Party Integration opens. In the Service Gateway Connection section, click Connect.The Connection Settings screen appears. Configure the following settings: Service Gateway: Select the Service Gateway with the Tenable Security Center Connector service installed. Server URL: Enter the URL of your on-premises Tenable Security Center server. Secret key: Enter the secret key copied after generating API keys in Tenable Security Center. Access key: Enter the access key copied after generating API keys in Tenable Security Center. Click Test Connection to verify your connection to the server. Click Connect to save your settings and establish the connection. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base