---
id: data-usage-monitoring
title: Data usage and monitoring
sidebar_label: Data usage and monitoring
description: Data usage and monitoring
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Data usage and monitoring Monitor the volume of third-party log and select Trend Vision One Agentic SIEM & XDR data you are ingesting and retaining to help keep track of your credit usage and ensure you are receiving the data you need. In the Data usage and monitoring section of Data Source and Log Management, you can view a visual representation of the volume of data you ingest and retain over time from third-party logs and select Trend Vision One Agentic SIEM & XDR data sources from the cloud, email, and endpoint security layers. The visualization helps you keep track of how much data you are receiving and how much you have access to for analytic or archival purposes. Data usage and monitoring displays metrics on each data ingestion and retention type and period in the following widgets: Daily data usage: Displays a snapshot of the previous day's new analytic and archival data ingestion plus the total extended analytic and archival data retention (data retained for over 30 days) Updates daily at UTC +2 Data ingestion: Displays trending analytic and archival ingestion volume over a 30-day period Hover over a date to see ingestion volume for that date plus the top contributing data sources Filter by data scope to view trending ingestion from particular data sources Important No additional credits are required for ingestion of Trend native data sources, including data from third-party sources connected directly to Trend Vision One and collected by Trend native sensors. Only third-party log ingestion requires additional credit allocation. Data retention: Displays analytic and archival retention volume per day over a 30-day period Daily data retention volumes are divided into data retained for the default period and extended period Important The default retention period for third-party log data is up to 30 days. Default retention periods for Trend Vision One data sources are dependent on your product license. Extended data retention beyond default periods requires additional credits to be allocated to Agentic SIEM. For more information, see Credit requirements for Trend Vision One solutions, capabilities, and features. Hover over a date to see retention volumes for that date Filter by data scope to see retention volumes from particular data sources Ingestion and retention by data source: Displays a list of currently contributing data sources along with the configured ingestion type, retention type, and data volume Filter by time period, data scope, and ingestion type Monthly ingestion: Displays ingestion volumes per month by type over the last 12 months Monthly retention: Displays retention volumes per month by type and time period over the last 12 months © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base