---
id: data-inventory
title: Data Inventory
sidebar_label: Data Inventory
description: Data Inventory
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Data Inventory Manage, locate, and take action on assets with sensitive data with Data Inventory. Assets with sensitive data are defined by the data policies created for your organization. The Data Inventory list updates automatically when data policies are created or updated, and when assets are added or removed to the network locations specified in the data policies. Note You must enable the Endpoint sensor detection and response setting in Endpoint Security to send activity data for state-of-the-art threat detections and alerts (required for advanced XDR detections and Workbench alerts). This setting requires credits to enable. For more information, see Configure endpoint security policies. The following table lists the actions available in Data Inventory: Actions Descriptions Investigate files with sensitive data Do any of the following: Click All files in the top left of the Data Inventory page to display a list of all files with sensitive data. Click Local devices to see a list of devices with sensitive data. Expand the arrow below a device to see a list of files with sensitive data on that device. In the list, click a file name to open the Data Lineage view in XDR to track the file's movements in your organization. For more information, see Data Lineage. Expand a file name to view the following information: Original sensitive data. This is the original name of the sensitive file before any renaming or formatting changes, for example being compressed into zip file. If multiple files are compressed into a zip file, their original names are also listed here. The name, type, and risk score of the asset where the file was found. Investigate local devices with sensitive data Click the Local devices link and then do any of the following: Click an asset name to view details about the asset in Attack Surface Discovery. For more information, see Attack Surface Discovery. Click the number link in the Sensitive files column to view the list of sensitive files. Investigate cloud assets with sensitive data Click the Cloud assets link, and then click an asset name to view details in Attack Surface Discovery. For more information, see Attack Surface Discovery. Additional actions Use the filter controls above the table to help locate assets by risk score, sensitive data type, and more. Click Add filter to help locate assets by adding filters such as provider, region, custom tags, and more. Click Export to export all assets to a CSV file, based on the current filters set in the current view. Click Customize Columns () to choose which columns display in the list. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base