---
id: data-loss-prevention-rules
title: Data loss prevention rules
sidebar_label: Data loss prevention rules
description: Data loss prevention rules
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Data loss prevention rules Manage the data loss prevention (DLP) rules to scan outbound web traffic for content including sensitive data and apply them to secure access rules for enhanced protection. Internet Access provides data loss prevention rules to make it easier to track sensitive data, and to safeguard your organization's confidential information against accidental disclosure and intentional theft. Note DLP rules can be applied to the following: Internet access rules The following table outlines the actions available on the Data Loss Prevention tab (Zero Trust Secure Access → Secure Access Resources → Data Loss Prevention). Action Description Add a DLP rule Click Add and follow the instructions to add a DLP rule. For more information, see Adding a data loss prevention rule. Check DLP rule details View the basic information about a DLP rule, including the selected predefined or customized DLP templates and the number of secure access rules that are using the rule. Configure a DLP rule Click to change the basic information about a DLP rule. Click to duplicate a DLP rule. This provides a convenient way of adding a new DLP rule with settings similar to an existing rule. Click to delete a DLP rule from Trend Vision One. To delete more than one DLP rule, select the rules and click Delete in the upper left. Note Only the DLP rule that is not in use by any secure access rule can be deleted. Manage data identifiers Click Manage Data Identifiers to define digital assets, including files and data, of your organization to protect against unauthorized transmission. For more information, see Data identifier types. Manage DLP templates Click Manage DLP Templates to view predefined DLP template settings or create your own DLP templates using predefined or customized data identifiers. For more information, see Data loss prevention templates. Related information Adding a data loss prevention rule Data loss prevention templates Data identifier types © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base