---
id: defining-blocked-app-criteria
title: Defining Blocked Application Criteria
sidebar_label: Defining Blocked Application Criteria
description: Defining Blocked Application Criteria
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Defining Blocked Application Criteria Application Control provides the ability to define criteria that specifically block certain applications from executing. You can define block criteria to ensure that Application Control always blocks certain applications or you can create Assessment criteria to monitor the applications that users access. Procedure Go to Policies → Policy Resources → Application Control Criteria. The Application Control Criteria screen appears. Click Add Criteria and select Block. The Block Criteria Settings screen appears. Type a unique Name for the criteria. To create a monitoring rule, select Enable assessment mode. Note Application Control logs all applications that match the assessment criteria but takes no further action. Application Control allows the applications to execute normally. Select the Match method used to identify applications and configure required settings. Method Description Application Reputation List Allows you to apply the criteria to applications that Trend Micro has tested and assigned a security score for For more information, see Application Reputation List. File paths Allows you to apply the criteria to any application installed in the specified location For more information, see File Paths. Certificates Allows you to apply the criteria to applications based on certificate validity and certificate attributes For more information, see Certificates. Hash values Allows you to apply the criteria to applications based on SHA-1 or SHA-256 hash values For more information, see Hash Values. Gray Software List Allows you to include applications to the criteria that Trend Micro has tested and found to be potentially harmful The Gray Software List is a subset of the Application Reputation List and contains applications that may be malicious if not used properly. Trend Micro recommends blocking or monitoring applications in the Gray Software List to ensure that your network remains secure. Click Save. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base