---
id: define-manage-projects
title: Define and Manage Projects
sidebar_label: Define and Manage Projects
description: Define and Manage Projects
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Define and Manage Projects Synchronize your cloud projects into Trend Vision One for centralized project management. The Cloud overview screen provides an overview of all your cloud projects. To get started, you will see the Define Projects screen if you do not have any projects defined in Trend Vision One. You can start from the welcome screen or click the Define Projects drop-down to start defining a project. Define projects drop-down allows you to create new projects with the following two options: Map projects from cloud providers: Synchronize tag values from your cloud provider into Trend Vision One to group your cloud assets into cloud projects. Define projects based on conditions: Create new projects by creating either new tag values or select existing tag values and define conditions and create automated tagging rules for your assets in a cloud project. The following table outlines the actions available on the Define Projects screen: Action Description Define Projects from cloud providers Click + Map projects from cloud provider and enter a Mapping name Select a Cloud provider tag property Confirm the changes and click Save For more information on how cloud mappings work, see: create a new cloud mapping. Important You can create a maximum of five cloud mappings. Define projects based on conditions Click Define projects based on conditions Select from either Create a new tag or use an existing tag Note By creating a new tag value, you are defining a new cloud project. The automated tagging rule created in the next step assigns the new tag value to assets, which associates those assets with your new cloud project. Create a Rule Once you decide whether you're creating a new tag or an existing one, proceed to the next screen to Create a Rule. Specify a Rule Name, Asset type and Select Conditions Important You can define up to 20 rules/conditions. Once you reach the limit, you wont be able to create anymore rules. Select the tags from your cloud projects to Enable or Disable the rule Confirm the changes and click Save For more information on how automated tagging works, see: Create automated tagging rules Click Manage projects to view and update an all cloud mappings and tagging rules you've defined. Once you have added and defined projects, you can view all your projects under the Projectstab from Cloud Risk Management. The following table outlines the actions available on the screen: Action Description Manage cloud mappings Click +Cloud mappings to view all your your cloud mappings in Trend Vision One You can edit and delete your existing cloud mappings on this screen. For more information, see: External tags Manage project tagging rules Click Manage project tagging rules to view, modify and delete your existing automated tagging rules. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base