---
id: deploying-va-fs
title: Deploy a Virtual Appliance from File Security
sidebar_label: Deploy a Virtual Appliance from File Security
description: Deploy a Virtual Appliance from File Security
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Deploy a Virtual Appliance from File Security You can also deploy a Virtual Appliance from File Security. You need to have a service gateway, and your platform must be compatible. If you have not set up service gateway, you can set it up as part of the deployment process. Although you can add the Trend Micro File Security Virtual Appliance on a service gateway containing other services, Trend Micro recommends that you have a dedicated serviced gateway for File Security Virtual Appliance. When you add the File Security Virtual Appliance to your Service Gateway, the Service Gateway appears on the File Security Inventory page. Virtual appliances can have multiple servers, and servers can have multiple mount points. From this page you can add, modify, remove, or turn off servers and mount points for a specific Virtual Appliance. Virtual Appliance can be used with the following file systems: NFS3, NFS4 SMB 3.0, SMB 3.1 Note SMB requires Service Gateway 3.0.19 or higher. Procedure In Trend Vision One go to Cloud Security → File Security. If this is Your first time in File Security: Click Continue with Virtual Appliance. Click Virtual Appliance Guide. Click the Service Gateway Management link. Not your first time: Select Virtual Appliance in the navigation tree. Click the blue information icon next to the Deployment Guide button to take you to the Service Gateway Management page. If necessary, you need to deploy a Service Gateway. Click the Service Gateway name.The Service Gateway details page opens. Click Manage Services.The Manage Services drawer opens. Click the File Security Virtual Appliance download icon.The File Security Scanner service installs. When the service is installed and provisioned, the Status column reads Healthy. Trend Micro recommends that you add at least one mount point. Click the configuration (gear) icon to open the File Security Virtual Appliance drawer. Add a mount point: Click Add. Depending on your protocol, you may need to enter the Username and Password to access the folder. Select the Protocol. Enter the Server IP. Enter the Server folder path. Enable Scanning.You can enable scanning later if you want. Enable Predictive Machine Learning if you want to use it. Enable Quarantine if you want to quarantine suspicious file. Note Note Enter the name of the folder in which the files are to be quarantined in the Quarantine destination field. Important The Quarantine destination folder must be a subfolder of the Server folder path that you entered in step 9 and have write access enabled. Click Add. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base