---
id: deployment-offline-installer
title: Deployment using the offline installer package
sidebar_label: Deployment using the offline installer package
description: Deployment using the offline installer package
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Deployment using the offline installer package Important The offline installer package is a ”Pre-release" feature and is not considered an official release. Please review the Pre-Release Disclaimer before using the feature. This feature is not available in all regions. The offline installer package only supports deploying the Trend Vision One Endpoint Security agent in Sensor-only configuration or with Standard Endpoint Proteciton features. The Endpoint Sensor currently does not support Windows 11 ARM64. You can deploy the Standard Endpoint Protection agent package to monitor your Windows 11 ARM64 endpoints, but the Endpoint sensor detection and response feature cannot be enabled at this time. Additional support is coming soon. The offline installer package deploys the Trend Vision One Endpoint Security agent without requiring an internet connection during installation. Agents deployed using this method apply the selected agent policy during installation. Agents must connect to Trend Vision One to apply your configured endpoint security policies. Trend Micro recommends configuring your default connection and endpoint settings before deploying agents. Update your proxy settings and FQDNs to ensure endpoint connectivity. Configure endpoint security policies to streamline the colleciton of activity data on new agents. Procedure In the Trend Vision One console, go to Endpoint Security → Endpoint Inventory. Click Agent Installer and go to Offline Installer Package. Select the Protection type. Standard Endpoint Protection: Installs the Trend Vision One Endpoint Security agent with both Endpoint Sensor and Standard Endpoint Protection features. Endpoint Sensor: Installs the Trend Vision One Endpoint Security agent with only Endpoint Sensor features. Select the OS architecture. For Standard Endpoint Protection deployments, specify the endpoint group and policy to apply to the agent. Select the Endpoint Group Manager to manage the agent. Select the Group to assign to the endpoint. Select the Agent policy to apply to the endpoint. The Agent policy is the policy configured in the Standard Endpoint Protection manager. Endpoint security policies are applied after the agent connects to Trend Vision One. Click the download icon () to download the installer package. Extract the package. Open PowerShell and access the location of the extracted package. Run EndpointBasecamp.exe to install the base agent package. For Standard Endpoint Protection deployments, copy and execute the command in Step 4 of the Offline Installer Package window. After installation successfully completes, the endpoint agent connects and registers to your Trend Vision One Endpoint Inventory if a network connection is available. You can verify that the agent program and protection features are installed and running correctly without a network connection. To verify the base agent package is running, open PowerShell and run the command sc query "Trend Micro Endpoint Basecamp". To verify the protection manager features are installed successfully, right click on the Trend Micro Security Agent icon in your system tray, and select Component Versions. Check that the Apex Central policy matches the agent policy you selected during installation. Note Your system tray might display two icons, one for the Agent Console manged by Endpoint Security Policies, and one for the Standard Endpoint Protection features. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base