---
id: deploy-virtual-patch-filters-sms
title: Deploy Virtual Patch filter policies to TippingPoint SMS
sidebar_label: Deploy Virtual Patch filter policies to TippingPoint SMS
description: Deploy Virtual Patch filter policies to TippingPoint SMS
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Deploy Virtual Patch filter policies to TippingPoint SMS Mitigate your CVE risks directly from the Network Security app by setting and deploying filter policies on TippingPoint SMS profiles. Procedure Go to Network Security → Intrusion Prevention Configuration. Locate the CVE you want to virtually patch by scrolling through the table or filtering the list. Note The CVE list is automatically prioritized by CVE risk. Mitigate the most critical CVE threats by starting at the top of the list. Examine the CVE details to understand how the CVE is affecting your network and the current filter status. Potentially Vulnerable Endpoints: Displays all endpoints detected to contain the CVE Recommended Action: Provides recommended mitigation options for the CVE Filter status: Displays whether the specific filter is enabled and set to block on your TippingPoint profiles Mitigate the CVE threat by deploying policies to profiles that are not completely virtually patched. For the Blocked on some profiles and Not blocked on any profile filter statuses, select the filter. Click Configure Filter Actions. Block the CVE threat by selecting the Apply recommended settings action, or manually enabling the Filter state and setting the Action to Block and notify. Select the profiles that you want to apply the filter policy to. Note Only profiles that previously applied policies appear in the list. Check the SMS Java client to locate other unused profiles. To ensure that a profile appears in the list, distribute filters to the profile and allow some time for the data to sync back to Network Intrusion Prevention. To deploy the policy to your TippingPoint SMS for distribution to managed TippingPoint devices, click Save and Deploy Policy. Monitor the deployment status by viewing the Policy deployment indicator above the table. Note If you chose to Save the filter policy settings instead of immediately deploying, you can deploy the policy by selecting the filters and clicking Deploy Policy. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base