---
id: deploy-vns-with-nutanix-ahv
title: Deploy a Virtual Network Sensor with Nutanix AHV
sidebar_label: Deploy a Virtual Network Sensor with Nutanix AHV
description: Deploy a Virtual Network Sensor with Nutanix AHV
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Deploy a Virtual Network Sensor with Nutanix AHV Learn how to deploy your own Virtual Network Sensor on Nutanix AHV. Virtual Network Sensor is a lightweight network sensor that scans your network activity and feeds network activity data to Trend Vision One and allows you to discover unmanaged assets and gain a holistic view of your attack surface. Before using the features of Network Security, you need to set up your Virtual Network Sensor and connect your sensor to Trend Vision One. Important If the throughput exceeds 2000 Mbps, Trend Micro recommends configuring your Virtual Network Sensor using a PCI passthrough that is compliant with the following drivers: Broadcom tg3 and bnxt_en, and Intel i40e, igb, ixgbe, and e1000. The Virtual Network Sensor has been tested with Nutainix Community Edition (6.5.2 LTS). Note Review the Virtual Network Sensor system requirements before starting and ensure you have adequate resources for Virtual Network Sensor. Procedure In the Trend Vision One console, go to Network Security → Network Inventory → Virtual Network Sensor. Click Deploy Virtual Network Sensor. The Virtual Network Sensor Deployment panel appears. Select Nutanix AHV for the platform. Set the Admin password and confirm the password. The password must contain the following: 12 to 32 characters Both uppercase and lowercase characters At least one number (0-9) At least one special character: ~!`@#$%^&*()/_+=[]{}-\|<>',.?:;" or space Note This step is used to set the default admin password to access the Virtual Network Sensor command line interface after deployment. Select the Connection method. Direct connection: the Virtual Network Sensor connects to Trend Vision One directly. Make sure the Virtual Network Sensor is able to connect to the internet when using this configuration. Connect using a custom proxy: the Virtual Network Sensor connects to Trend Vision One through a third-party proxy. After choosing this method, configure the following fields: Proxy address: Specify the IP address of the proxy. Proxy port: Specify the connecting port of the proxy. Proxy server requires authentication: (Optional) Select if the proxy requires authentication credentials. User name: Specify the user name for the proxy credentials. Password: Specify the password for the proxy credentials. Connect using a Service Gateway as proxy: the Virtual Network Sensor connects to Trend Vision One through a Service Gateway. Select a Service Gateway to use for this method. Important The Virtual Network Sensor must be able to connect to a Service Gateway with the Forward Proxy Service configured and enabled. For more information, see Manage services in Service Gateway. Click Download Disk Image. Extract the installation zip file. In the Nutanix AHV console, click Settings. Click Image Configuration on the right navigation bar. Click Upload Image, then click Upload a file. From the zip file you extracted, upload vns_meta.iso and vns_system.qcow2. In the Nutanix AHV console, click VM. On the Overview page, click Network Config to create subnets and a virtual switch. If you have already created subnets and a virtual switch, skip to the next step. In the Network Configuration dialog, locate Virtual Switch and click Create VS to create a virtual switch. In the Network Configuration dialog, locate Subnets and click Create Subnets to create a subnet. You must create two subnets, one each for the Virtual Network Sensor management port and data port. Assign each subnet to a different virtual switch. On the Overview page, click Create VM to create the Virtual Network Sensor. In the Create VM dialog, configure the virtual machine. Enter a name for your virtual network sensor. For Compute Details, refer to Virtual Network Sensor system requirements to specify adequate throughput values. For Disks, click the pencil icon to configure a disk with the following values and click Update: Operation: Clone from Image Service Bus Type: IDE Image: select vns_meta.iso. Click Add New Disk to configure another disk with the following values and click Update: Type: DISK Operation: Clone from Image Service Bus Type: SATA Image: select vns_system.qcow2. For Network Adapters (NIC), click Add New NIC to specify your management port first. Your Virtual Network Sensor must be able to connect to Trend Vision One through the management port. To configure your firewall, see Ports and URLs used by Virtual Network Sensor. For your second Network Adapters (NIC), click Add New NIC to specify your data port. The monitored network traffic must be mirrored to this port. Click Save. To adjust the sizes of the disks you added, right-click your Virtual Network Sensor and select Update. Click the pencil icon next to the disk you want to edit, adjust the size according to Virtual Network Sensor system requirements, and click Update. Verify your size change and click Save. To apply your settings automatically, right-click your Virtual Network Sensor and select Power on. If the Virtual Network Sensor does not appear in Network Inventory after deployment, verify the following settings: Network settings (NIC/vNIC setting and order) Firewall settings Proxy settings if using a proxy Review the Virtual Network Sensor FAQ to verify and test the connection Related information Configure traffic mirroring for Nutanix AHV © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base