---
id: deploying-python-sdk
title: Deploy with Python SDK
sidebar_label: Deploy with Python SDK
description: Deploy with Python SDK
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Deploy with Python SDK Use the Trend Vision One™ File Security Python SDK to scan files for malware. The Python SDK for Trend Vision One™ File Security empowers you to craft applications that seamlessly integrate with File Security. With this SDK you can perform a thorough scan of data and artifacts within your applications to identify potential malicious elements. Follow the steps below to set up your development environment and configure your project, laying the foundation to effectively use File Security. Prerequisites Before installing the SDK, ensure you have the following: Python 3.9 or later Trend Vision One account associated with your region Configuring custom user roles with File Security permissions Create an API key The File Security SDK requires a valid API key provided as a parameter to the SDK client object. Trend Vision One API keys are associated with different regions. Refer to the region flag below to obtain a better understanding of the valid regions associated with the API key. Procedure Go to Administrations → API Keys. Click Add API Key. Configure the API key to use the role with the Run file scan via SDK permission. Verify that the API key is associated with the region you plan to use. Set an expiry time for the API key and make a record of it for future reference. Install the SDK Procedure Install the File Security SDK package with pip: python -m pip install visionone-filesecurity Run the SDK Procedure Go to the Examples folder in GitHub. Review the Python examples in the folder: The client_aio.py example uses regular file input/output (i/o). The client.py example uses asynchronous i/o. The Python examples support the command line arguments in the table below. Python Examples Command Line Arguments Value Optional --region or -r The region for your API key. Value must be one of the following Trend Vision One regions: ap-northeast-1 ap-south-1 ap-southeast-1 ap-southeast-2 eu-central-1 us-east-1 Yes, either -r or -a --addr or -a File Security server, for example: antimalware.REGION.cloudone.trendmicro.com:443 Yes, either -r or -a --api_key Trend Vision One API key No --filename or -f File to be scanned No --pml Predictive Machine Learning Yes --tags or -f List of tags Yes Run one of the examples. You can also use these examples to write your own program. Customize the Examples You can customize one of the example programs by configuring it with the API key. For custom programs, pass in the region parameter to specify the region of the API key and verify you have the proper authorization. Procedure Assign the value of the API_KEY to the variable. Set FILENAME to the desired target file. python3 client.py -f FILENAME -r us-1 --api_key API_KEY You can use the File Security server address -a instead of region -r. python3 client.py -f FILENAME -a antimalware._REGION_.cloudone.trendmicro.com:443 --api_key API_KEY You can also use the asynchronous IO example program. python3 client_aio.py -f FILENAME -a antimalware._REGION_.cloudone.trendmicro.com:443 --api_key API_KEY Disabling the cache digest If you are using the SDK with python to scan large files, you may want to disable the cache digest. there's a parameter called "digest in the scan_file api. Change "digest: bool = True" to "digest: bool = False". © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base