---
id: deploying-vns-google-cloud
title: Deploy a Virtual Network Sensor with Google Cloud
sidebar_label: Deploy a Virtual Network Sensor with Google Cloud
description: Deploy a Virtual Network Sensor with Google Cloud
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Deploy a Virtual Network Sensor with Google Cloud Deploy a Virtual Network Sensor to your Google Cloud environment. If your security environment uses a hybrid deployment, or you do not have VMware or Microsoft Hyper-V in your environment, you can leverage your Google Cloud environment to deploy a Virtual Network Sensor. Before you begin, review the Virtual Network Sensor system requirements and ensure you have a sign in with permission to deploy virtual machines on the target account. To deploy the Virtual Network Sensor, you must complete the following steps: Configure the virtual private clouds (VPC) and subnets for the data and management ports. The Virtual Network Sensor requires assigning the data port and management port to separate VPCs. Additionally, the subnets must have different IP ranges and CIDR address. Trend Micro recommends deploying the data port to a different VPC from the mirror source VM. For configuration instructions, refer to the Google Cloud documentation. Launch an instance of the Virtual Network Sensor. Verify the Virtual Network Sensor can connect with Network Inventory. If the Virtual Network Sensor does not appear in Network Inventory after deployment, verify the following settings: Network settings (NIC/vNIC setting and order) Firewall settings Proxy settings if using a proxy Review the Virtual Network Sensor FAQ to verify and test the connection Set up traffic mirroring in your environment. You can use any traffic mirroring solution you prefer. If you are unsure how to set up traffic mirroring, follow the recommended steps detailed in Configure traffic mirroring on Google Cloud. After configuring your network settings, access the Virtual Network Sensor console and use the command show traffic to verify the Virtual Network Sensor is receiving traffic. For more information about troubleshooting, see Virtual Network Sensor FAQ and Virtual Network Sensor CLI commands. Related information Launch a Virtual Network Sensor instance on Google Cloud Configure traffic mirroring on Google Cloud © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base