---
id: deploying-sam-mobile-devices
title: Enabling Zero Trust Secure Access on mobile devices
sidebar_label: Enabling Zero Trust Secure Access on mobile devices
description: Enabling Zero Trust Secure Access on mobile devices
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Enabling Zero Trust Secure Access on mobile devices Use Zero Trust Secure Access features to control web and private resource access on compatible managed mobile devices. For mobile devices running supported operating systems, Zero Trust Secure Access services are enabled through a configured Mobile Agent. To deploy the Mobile Agent to end user devices, you must first integrate an MDM solution with Mobile Security. Supported third-party MDM solutions include: Microsoft Intune Google Workspace You may also set up Mobile Device Director as your MDM solution and use it directly from the Trend Vision One console. Note Trend Micro has comprehensively tested the above MDM solutions. However, it is possible to use any MDM solution that supports device enrollment using managed configuration and allows deployment of mobile VPN profiles and gateway certificates, including VMWare Workspace ONE UEM and Ivanti (Mobileiron). Procedure On the Trend Vision One console, go to Zero Trust Secure Access → Secure Access Configuration → Secure Access Module, and select Mobile Devices. Click Deploy Mobile Agent to go to the Groups tab in Mobile Inventory. After ensuring the View menu displays your integrated MDM solution, click Add Assignments. Type the names of one or more groups or organizational units as defined in your integrated MDM solution. The group appears in the Groups tab in Mobile Inventory as well as in the Mobile Devices tab in Zero Trust Secure Access → Secure Access Configuration → Secure Access Module. The Mobile Agent deploys to all mobile devices in the group. Instruct end users to open the Mobile Security app on group devices in order to complete device enrollment. The selected mobile devices are now enrolled in Mobile Security and are capable of enabling Zero Trust Secure Access services. Note If using a third-party MDM solution other than Microsoft Intune, you may need to deploy a VPN profile and Internet Access gateway certificates to your end-user devices in order to enable Zero Trust Secure Access services. Ensure Private Access and Internet Access services are provisioned and configured in Zero Trust Secure Access. Go to Zero Trust Secure Access → Secure Access Configuration → Secure Access Module → Mobile Devices and select one or more device groups. Using the dropdown menus, select whether to enable Private Access, Internet Access, or both services.You may view the service configuration status for the device groups from the Mobile Devices tab. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base