---
id: deploying-go-sdk
title: Deploy with Go SDK
sidebar_label: Deploy with Go SDK
description: Deploy with Go SDK
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Deploy with Go SDK Use the Trend Vision One™ File Security Go SDK to scan files for malware. The Go SDK empowers you to craft applications that seamlessly integrate with Trend Vision One™ File Security. With this SDK you can perform a thorough scan of data and artifacts within your applications to identify potential malicious elements. Follow the steps below to set up your development environment and configure your project, laying the foundation to effectively use File Security. Related information Use the SDK Golang API reference Prerequisites Before installing the SDK, ensure you have the following: Go version 1.19 or later Trend Vision One account associated with your region Configuring custom user roles with File Security permissions Creating an API key The File Security SDK requires a valid API key provided as a parameter to the SDK client object. Trend Vision One API keys are associated with different regions. Refer to the region flag below to obtain a better understanding of the valid regions associated with the API key. Procedure Go to Administrations → API Keys. Click Add API Key. Configure the API key to use the role with the Run file scan via SDK permission. Verify that the API key is associated with the region you plan to use. Set an expiry time for the API key and make a record of it for future reference. Installing the SDK Procedure Open your Go project or create a new one. Add the below import statement to import the SDK into your project. import ( "dsgithub.trendmicro.com/cloud-one-amaas/tm-v1-fs-golang-sdk/tree/main/public/examples/client" // Other imports... ) Initializing the SDK Before using the SDK to interact with File Security, you need to initialize it with your API key or token and specify the region you want to connect to. Replace YOUR_API_KEY_OR_TOKEN and YOUR_REGION with your actual API key or token and the corresponding region. Parameters Parameter Description region The region for the API key you obtained. Value provided must be one of the Trend Vision One regions: ap-northeast-1 ap-south-1 ap-southeast-1 ap-southeast-2 eu-central-1 us-east-1 apikey Your Trend Vision One API key Procedure Use the example below to initialize the SDK. apiKey := "YOUR_API_KEY_OR_TOKEN" region := "YOUR_REGION" client, err := client.NewClient(apiKey, region) if err != nil { // Handle initialization error panic(err) } Next stepsFind out how to use the SDK. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base