---
id: deploy-android-google-workspace
title: Deploy the Mobile Security for Business app to managed Android devices in Google Workspace
sidebar_label: Deploy the Mobile Security for Business app to managed Android devices in Google Workspace
description: Deploy the Mobile Security for Business app to managed Android devices in Google Workspace
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Deploy the Mobile Security for Business app to managed Android devices in Google Workspace Add Mobile Security for Business to your managed web and mobile apps in Google Workspace in order to deploy the app to end user devices. Mobile Security for Business is the mobile agent app used to manage end user devices in Mobile Security. To deploy the app to Android devices managed in Google Workspace, you must use a Google Workspace account with admin privileges to add the app to your managed apps. Note These steps were valid for the Google Workspace web console as of December 2, 2024. Procedure Add the Mobile Security for Business for Android to your managed apps. In the Google admin console, go to Apps → Overview → Web and mobile apps. Click Add app and select Search for apps from the dropdown menu and search for Mobile Security for Business. Click Select next to the entry for the app for Android. Choose whether to allow the app on all of your end user devices or only specified groups and organizational units. Click Continue. Keep the access method as Available and the managed configurations setting as Default. (Optional) Select the option to prevent users from uninstalling the app. Click Save. Configure the Mobile Security for Business settings. In the Google admin console, go to Apps → Web and mobile apps and select Mobile Security for Business. Expand the Settings section and click ADD CONFIGURATION under Managed configuration. Specify a name for the configuration. In the Work email field, paste the work email ($LOGIN_EMAIL) copied from the Google Workspace integration settings page in Mobile Security. In the Enrollment key field, paste the enrollment key copied from the Google Workspace integration settings page in Mobile Security. For more information, see Set up Google Workspace integration. Click Save. In the app settings, select the newly created configuration as your managed configuration. Change the access method to Force install. Click Save. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base