---
id: devices-tab
title: Devices Tab
sidebar_label: Devices Tab
description: Devices Tab
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Devices Tab View information about devices and manage devices on the Devices tab. You can view the following information on the Devices tab. For integration with Microsoft Endpoint Manager (Intune), VMware Workspace ONE UEM, Google Workspace, or Microsoft Entra ID Data Description Device Device information in the following format: Owner's name + Brand + Model Example: John Doe's Apple iPhone 7 Click the device name to view detailed information in the device details panel. Description Description about the device. Agent status The status of the Mobile Security for Business app Normal The Mobile Security for Business app is connected to the server and has retrieved the latest policy information. Outdated The Mobile Security for Business app is connected to the server and has not retrieved the latest policy information. Inactive The Mobile Security for Business app is not connected to the server and has not reported any data for 30 consecutive days. Operating system OS version The operating system running on the device When using Intune integration, Operating system also includes the enrollment profile type of the device running Android. Note Mobile Security supports the following Android management solution and enrollment profile types: Android Enterprise: Personally-owned devices with work profile, Corporate-owned dedicated devices, and Corporate-owned, fully managed user devices Android device administrator Ownership Note This attribute is available only when you integrate with Intune or VMware Workspace ONE UEM. Whether the device is corporate-owned or personally-owned Risk level The risk level that Mobile Security for Business assigns to the device based on the scan result Low Mobile Security detected slightly suspicious characteristics of threats in the last scan. For example, the developer mode or USB debugging is enabled or the operating system is out of date. Medium Mobile Security detected moderately suspicious characteristics of threats in the last scan, such as potentially unwanted apps and malicious Wi-Fi networks. High Mobile Security detected highly suspicious characteristics of threats in the last scan, such as malicious apps, malicious iOS/iPadOS profile, or rooted device. Policy The policy applied to the device Phone Number Note This attribute is available only when you integrate with Intune or VMware Workspace ONE UEM. The phone number of the device IMEI Note This attribute is available only when you integrate with Intune or VMware Workspace ONE UEM. The International Mobile Equipment Identity (IMEI) number of a device User The owner of the device IP address Note This attribute is available only when you integrate with Microsoft Entra ID. The IP address of the device Last connected The last time when the device was connected to Mobile Security For integration with other MDMs through managed configuration Data Description Device Device information in the following format: Owner's name + Brand + Model Example: John Doe's Apple iPhone 7 Click the device name to view detailed information in the device details panel. Risk level The risk level that Mobile Security for Business assigns to the device based on the scan result Low Mobile Security detected slightly suspicious characteristics of threats in the last scan. For example, the developer mode or USB debugging is enabled or the operating system is out of date. Medium Mobile Security detected moderately suspicious characteristics of threats in the last scan, such as potentially unwanted apps and malicious Wi-Fi networks. High Mobile Security detected highly suspicious characteristics of threats in the last scan, such as malicious apps, malicious iOS/iPadOS profile, or rooted device. Operating system OS version The operating system running on the device When using Intune integration, Operating system also includes the enrollment profile type of the device running Android. Note Mobile Security supports the following Android management solution and enrollment profile types: Android Enterprise: Personally-owned devices with work profile, Corporate-owned dedicated devices, and Corporate-owned, fully managed user devices Android device administrator Email The email address of the device owner Phone Number The phone number of the device IMEI The International Mobile Equipment Identity (IMEI) number of a device Security policy The policy applied to the device Last connected The last time when the device was connected to Mobile Security You can perform the following actions on the Devices tab. Action Description Filter device data Use the following drop-down lists and the search box to locate specific device data: Agent status Note This filter is not available when you integrate with an MDM through managed configuration Operating system Risk level Last connected Unenroll devices Select one or more devices from the list and click Unenroll Device. Note Trend Micro recommends unenrolling devices that have been transferred to other users or made obsolete. View device details Click a device name. View information about the device hardware, operating system, and security profile. You can also click the links to access information about the most recent detections. If a device's risk level is Medium or High, you can click to view the scan result of the device. Wipe devices Click the Wipe action icon () corresponding to a device. Note This action applies to Android devices using Microsoft Intune and VMware Workspace ONE UEM integration only. The Wipe action restores devices to their factory defaults, permanently deletes all data from the devices, and removes the devices from the Mobile Inventory list. Note Mobile Security cannot remotely wipe Android devices with the Personally-owned devices with work profile type. Lock devices Click the Remote Lock action icon () corresponding to a device. Note This action applies to Android devices using Microsoft Intune and VMware Workspace ONE UEM integration only. The Remote Lock action locks a device. To unlock the device, the device owner needs to enter their passcode. Note Mobile Security cannot remotely wipe Android devices that do not have a PIN or password configured. Delete devices Click the delete icon () corresponding to a device or select one or more groups from the list and click Delete. Start a manual scan Click the Start Manual Scan icon () corresponding to a device. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base