---
id: devices-tab-mdd
title: Devices tab
sidebar_label: Devices tab
description: Devices tab
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Devices tab View information about devices and manage devices on the Devices tab. You can view the following information on the Devices tab. Data Description Device Device information in the following format: Owner's name + Brand + Model Example: John Doe's Apple iPhone 7 Click the device name to view detailed information on the device details screen. Description Description about the device. Risk level The risk level that Mobile Device Director assigns to the device based on security policy evaluation Secured Low Medium High Learn more about mobile security policies Compliance Whether the device meets the compliance requirements of applied compliance policies Compliant The device meets all settings of all applied compliance policies. Noncompliant The device fails to meet any settings of any applied compliance policy. Evaluating The device is undergoing compliance policy evaluation. Learn more about mobile compliance policies Operating system OS version The operating system running on the device Operating system also includes the enrollment profile type of the device running Android. Note Mobile Security supports the following Android management solutions and enrollment profile types: Android Enterprise: Personally-owned devices with work profile, Corporate-owned dedicated devices, and Corporate-owned, fully managed user devices Android device administrator Ownership Whether the device is corporate-owned or personally-owned Phone Number The phone number of the device IMEI The International Mobile Equipment Identity (IMEI) number of a device Security policy The security policy that the device applies User The owner of the device Last connected The time the Mobile Security for Business last interacted with Mobile Security for check-in, enrollment, or scanning purpose You can perform the following actions on the Devices tab. Action Description Filter device data Use the following drop-down lists and the search box to locate specific device data: Compliance Operating system Risk level View device details Click a device name. View the basic information, security profile, permissions enabled, applied compliance policies and security policies, as well as mobile activity data and detection data. You can click the actions icon () to access actions for the selected device. Using this menu, you can perform the following actions: Wipe the device Remote lock the device Access the detection logs generated within the last 7 days with the detection type filtered by Malware Detection, Configuration Manager, Wi-Fi Protection, or Web Reputation. Delete devices Click the Delete action icon () corresponding to a device, or select one or more devices from the list and click Delete. The Delete action unenrolls the devices from Mobile Device Director and removes the devices from the Mobile Inventory list. To manage the devices again, you must re-enroll the devices. When deleting devices, Mobile Device Director only restores the company-owned devices to their defaults. User-owned devices are not. Wipe devices Click the Wipe action icon () corresponding to a device, or select one or more devices from the list and click Wipe. The Wipe action restores devices to their factory defaults and permanently deletes all data from the devices. To manage the devices again, you must re-enroll the devices. Wiped devices are not removed from the Mobile Inventory list. Note Mobile Security cannot remotely wipe Android devices with the Personally-owned devices with work profile type. Mobile Security can only uninstall the work profile from this type of devices. Remote lock devices Click the Remote Lock action icon () corresponding to a device, or select one or more devices from the list and click Remote Lock. The Remote Lock action locks the devices. To unlock a device, the device owner needs to enter their passcode. Note Mobile Security cannot remotely wipe devices that do not have a PIN or password configured. Start a manual scan Click the Start Manual Scan icon () corresponding to a device. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base