---
id: devices-view
title: Devices view
sidebar_label: Devices view
description: Devices view
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Devices view Gain insights into the risk profile of your company's devices. The Devices view of Cyber Risk Overview provides an overview of available data about the security posture of your company's devices. Note The Devices view only shows individual data for devices within the asset visibility scope of the current user. The following table outlines the available widgets of the Devices view. Widget Description Risk Summary A monthly summary of your company's risk scores for the current view related to exposure, attack, and security configuration Note The risk summary is calculated using all data received from your business without applying asset visibility scope limits. Risk Factors Click on an individual risk factor to view the corresponding widget in Exposure Overview or Attack Overview. Attack Surface A representation of the attack surface of your company's devices Discovered Devices: The total number of devices identified by data sources and additional devices added by the administrator that are not connected to Trend Vision One Click Update Estimate to specify the total number of endpoints you believe are part of your environment (including devices discoverable by network discovery). Tip Estimating the total number of devices in your environment helps identify the gap between devices visible to Trend Micro detection and security, and the actual attack surface you need to protect. Your estimate should include all devices in your environment, including devices managed by Trend Micro agents. Important For customers that have updated to the Foundation Services release, Discovered Devices is only visible for users with full asset visibility scope. Discovered Devices: The level of visibility into device health for the devices connected to Trend Vision One Full: Devices managed by Trend Micro agents Partial: Devices not managed by Trend Micro agents but that have identifiable metadata (for example, host name and device name) AND that send activity data through non-agent data sources (for example, Trend Vision One Network Sensor or Microsoft Entra ID). Limited: Devices not managed by Trend Micro agents but that have identifiable metadata (for example, host name and device name) OR that send activity data through non-agent data sources (for example, Trend Vision One Network Sensor or Microsoft Entra ID). Click Extend Visibility to add asset visibility data sources. Devices Can Be Assessed for Risk: The assessed risk level of devices based on unpatched vulnerabilities, system configurations, and internet accessibility Click Extend Risk Assessment Scope to add asset exposure data sources. Devices with Managed Agents: The risk level of devices managed by Trend Micro agents Click Improve Security to add managed security data sources. Tip Attack surface discovery continuously identifies known and unknown assets in your environment to inform your attack exposure, and security configuration. Visibility improves as you integrate more Trend Micro sensors and third-party data sources. In the Risk Reduction Measures section, clicking Learn more on Threat and Exposure Management opens a new browser tab displaying suggested remediation actions for risk events detected in your organization. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base