---
id: device-profile
title: Device profile
sidebar_label: Device profile
description: Device profile
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Device profile View detailed information about a selected device and take actions to mitigate the device's effect on the Cyber Risk Index. Available actions: Hover over the device name to view critical information about the device, such as the current risk score, asset criticality, and significant profile tags. To manually modify the criticality of the device, click Modify Criticality, select a criticality source of Custom, and select the criticality of the asset. Select the Custom Tags tab while hovering over the device name to view and manage custom tags assigned to the device. Click the actions icon ( ) to access actions for the selected asset. Using this menu, you can view the Asset Risk Graph, add the device to an exception list, or take response actions. The following table describes the tabs available on the device profile screen. Important Customers with XDR sensor entitlements that have not allocated credits to Cyber Risk Exposure Management can only see the Risk Score widget of the Risk Assessment tab and access the Users and Asset Profile tabs. Device Profile Screen Tabs Tab Description Risk Assessment A device's risk assessment displays activity data in several widgets. Risk Score: Assessment of the device's activity over the last 30 days Note A device's risk score is calculated every 4 hours. Risk Indicators: A list of events that might indicate the device is vulnerable to attack Expand a risk indicator to view any available attack prevention/detection rules that can help mitigate the risk. Asset Risk Graph The Asset Risk Graph illustrates the asset's connection to other assets in your environment. Click any asset in the Asset Risk Graph to view details, including asset criticality, significant profile tags, and risk indicators. Click the label in an arrow to view a description of the relationship, such as the first and last time a connection occurred. To manually modify the criticality of the asset, click Modify Criticality, select a criticality source of Custom, and select the criticality of the asset. Public Cloud App Activity A device's public cloud app activity displays in several widgets. Reputation of Visited Public Cloud Apps: Displays how many public cloud apps the user or device accessed on a given day and the proportionate reputations of the apps Public Cloud App Usage by Category: Displays the categories of the public cloud apps accessed by the user or device Sanctioned / Unsanctioned Public Cloud App Access: Indicates how often a user or device accesses sanctioned or unsanctioned public cloud apps Device Activity: A geographical representation of where the device has been used to access public cloud apps Local Apps Local applications detected on the device Click a local app name to view the Local app profile. Users The users that accessed the asset and each user's risk score Click a user name to view the Account profile. Note The Users tab is only available for users with the Accounts asset visibility scope. Asset Profile Detailed information about the asset, including asset criticality and a complete list of the asset's pre-defined profile tags, third-party tags, and custom tags created by your organization and assigned to the asset. You may modify the values for select pre-defined tags by clicking the edit () icon next to the tag. To assign or remove custom tags from the asset, click Manage Tags. To manually modify the criticality of the asset, click Modify Criticality, select a criticality source of Custom, and select the criticality of the asset. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base