---
id: disable-safe-links
title: Avoid Microsoft Safe Links alerts when opening phishing simulation landing pages
sidebar_label: Avoid Microsoft Safe Links alerts when opening phishing simulation landing pages
description: Avoid Microsoft Safe Links alerts when opening phishing simulation landing pages
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Avoid Microsoft Safe Links alerts when opening phishing simulation landing pages Ensure recipients can open phishing simulation URLs without encountering a Microsoft Safe Links alert. If your recipients are using Microsoft Defender 365, you may configure an allow list to ensure delivery of Security Awareness Training content without triggering Microsoft Safe Links alerts. However, recipients using older versions of Windows may still encounter Microsoft Safe Links alerts when opening phishing simulation URLs. To avoid alerts, you may add a mail flow rule in Microsoft Exchange or manually configure Safe Links settings in Microsoft Defender 365. Procedure Record the Security Awareness sending IP addresses. On the Trend Vision One console, go to Cyber Risk Exposure Management → Security Awareness → Phishing Simulations. Click Settings. Click Settings and copy the sending IP addresses and simulation URLs. Important The sending IP addresses change over time. Check the list before launching a training campaign or phishing simulation. Add a mail flow rule for Microsoft Exchange. Sign in to the Exchange Admin Center using an account with admin privileges. Go to Mail flow → Rules and click the add (+) button. Select Create a new rule. Give the new rule a descriptive name such as Bypass spam filtering. Select The sender, then click More options and select IP address is in any of these ranges or exactly matches:. Specify the IP addresses you recorded from Security Awareness Training and clock OK. In the Do the following... menu, select Modify the message properties. Select Set a message header. Set the value for the message header X-MS-Exchange-Organization-SkipSafeLinksProcessing to 1. Important Message headers are case-sensitive. Click Save. Configure Safe Links settings in Microsoft Defender 365. Sign into the Defender portal using an account with admin privileges. Go to Email & Collaboration → Policies & Rules → Threat Policies → Safe Links. Click Create. Give the new policy a name and add a description if desired. Specify the users, groups, and domains to receive phishing simulation emails. Enable URL & click protection settings for email. Under Do not rewrite the following URLs in email, click Manage 0 URLs. Click Add URLs. Add the Security Awareness Training URLs you recorded in the format *.example.com/*. Click Save. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base