---
id: ds-defender-antivirus-win
title: Configure Deep Security and Microsoft Defender Antivirus for Windows
sidebar_label: Configure Deep Security and Microsoft Defender Antivirus for Windows
description: Configure Deep Security and Microsoft Defender Antivirus for Windows
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Configure Deep Security and Microsoft Defender Antivirus for Windows Microsoft Defender Antivirus is automatically installed on Microsoft Windows Server 2016 and later, as well as Windows 10 or later. The Deep Security Anti-Malware (AM) module can support the passive mode of Microsoft Defender Antivirus. However, this support requires specific versions of both Microsoft Defender Antivirus and Windows Server and desktop, as well as of the Deep Security Agent: Microsoft Defender Antivirus product and engine versions: AMProductVersion: 4.18.2202.4 AMEngineVersion: 1.1.18900.3 Note Currently, these are the only versions that Trend Micro has tested and officially supports. Other versions have not been tested and therefore Trend Micro cannot guarantee compatibility. Windows Server and desktop versions: Windows Server 2016 or later. Windows 10 x64 RS5 or later. Note Windows 10 x86 or Windows 10 Enterprise Virtual Desktop are not supported. Deep Security Agent: Deep Security Agent 20.0.0-4416 (20 LTS Update 2022-04-28) or later. When you install Deep Security with the AM enabled on a Windows 10 or 11 desktop, Microsoft Defender Antivirus is automatically set to the passive mode. On a Windows Server, you need to re-enable the AM policy (Disable > Enable) to let Microsoft Defender Antivirus enter passive mode. Note If you disable the DSA AM, either by deactivating or uninstalling it, it removes both the DisableAntiSpyware and ForceDefenderPassiveMode registry in Microsoft Defender Antivirus: The DisableAntiSpyware registry key specifies whether or not to disable Microsoft Defender Antivirus. By removing it, you remove the disable key, therefore enabling Microsoft Defender Antivirus. You may have to enable Microsoft Defender Antivirus manually to ensure it is in active mode. The ForceDefenderPassiveMode registry key sets Microsoft Defender Antivirus to passive mode. By removing the key, Microsoft Defender Antivirus is set to active mode. When you enable Deep Security Agent AM on a Windows Server, the Windows Security virus and threat protection service may display the "No active antivirus provider. Your device is vulnerable" message. Trend Micro tested this case and confirmed that such message appears when Microsoft Defender Antivirus is disabled. This is a Windows Server behavior (as opposed to Deep Security). There is a confirmed performance impact when both Microsoft Defender Antivirus and Deep Security Agent AM are enabled. Microsoft Defender Antivirus application files for exclusion list for Deep Security Agent You have to add Microsoft Defender Antivirus for Endpoint to the exclusion list for Deep Security Agent. For more information, see Make the switch from non-Microsoft endpoint protection to Microsoft Defender for Endpoint. You can find the Microsoft Defender Antivirus executable files in the following locations: %Program Files%\Windows Defender\ %ProgramData%\Microsoft\Windows Defender\Platform\4.18.2201.10-0*\ Note that the platform version number might be different in your environment. You may consult Microsoft Security Intelligence for version information and check the latest security intelligence updates for Microsoft Defender Antivirus and other Microsoft anti-malware - Microsoft Security Intelligence. Deep Security Agent folders and processes for Microsoft Defender Antivirus exclusion list You need to add Deep Security Agent folders and processes to your Microsoft Defender Antivirus exclusion list. Folder: C:\Program Files\Trend Micro\AMSP C:\Program Files\Trend Micro\Deep Security Agent Process: C:\Program Files\Trend Micro\AMSP\coreServiceShell.exe C:\Program Files\Trend Micro\AMSP\coreFrameworkHost.exe C:\Program Files\Trend Micro\Deep Security Agent\dsa.exe C:\Program Files\Trend Micro\Deep Security Agent\Notifier.exe Tamper protection The Tamper protection setting of Microsoft Defender Antivirus must be set to OFF. This recommendation is based on the results of testing that discovered compatibility issues when Tamper protection is enabled. Microsoft Defender Antivirus EDR Block mode for Endpoint Do not enable Microsoft Defender Antivirus' EDR Block mode for Endpoint. This recommendation is based on the results of testing that discovered compatibility issues when EDR is enabled. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base