---
id: dynamic-table-report-element
title: Configuring the Dynamic Table Report Element
sidebar_label: Configuring the Dynamic Table Report Element
description: Configuring the Dynamic Table Report Element
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Configuring the Dynamic Table Report Element This task assumes that you have already added the Dynamic Table report element to a custom report template row. For more information, see Adding or Editing Custom Templates. Procedure In the Dynamic Table report element, click Edit. The Edit Dynamic Table > Step 1: Data View screen appears. Select the type of report data you want to display from the Data Views directory. Click Next >. The Step 2: Set Query Criteria screen appears. To filter the data that displays, select Custom criteria. Specify the Match rule for the custom filter. All of the criteria: Data must match all the specified criteria. Any of the criteria: Data can match any of the specified criteria. Specify the filtering criteria, each of which consists of three parts: Data type: Corresponds to a column returned by the data view Operator: Used to match or exclude data type values Value: Select criteria from the drop-down controls or specify values in the text boxes Note The options that display depend on the selected data view, and the selected data type and operator. Trend Micro Apex Central supports a maximum of 20 filters. Add or remove criteria using the plus () and minus () controls. Click Next >. The Step 3: Specify Design screen appears. Specify the Name used as the title for the chart. From the Drag Available Fields list, drag-and-drop the data that displays in the following locations: Row Field: Defines how the data is separated horizontally in the table Column Field: Defines how the data is separated vertically in the table Data Field: Defines the data value that displays for the specified Row Field or Column Field in the table Important The Dynamic Table report element requires exactly one Data Field and either one Row Field or one Column Field. In the Data Properties section, configure the following: Data field title: The label for the data field Aggregated by: The method in which to display data Total number of instances: Includes duplicate results in the data Number of unique instances: Displays only one instance of duplicated result types For example, if an endpoint detects 5 instances of VirusA and 3 instances of VirusB in the data, the detection count on the graph would display the following values: Total number of instances = 8 (virus detections, regardless of virus name) Number of unique instances = 2 (unique virus types, regardless of number of occurrences) In the Row Properties section, configure the following: Specify the Row header title. Select the Sorting order and direction. Aggregation value: Sorts based on the count value of the data Header title: Sorts alphabetically based on the category name Select the Filter summarized result check box to filter the data that displays in the report. Specify the maximum number of items to display. Enable Aggregate remaining items to group all remaining data in the Others category. In the Column Properties section, configure the following: Specify the Column header title. Select the Sorting order and direction. Aggregation value: Sorts based on the count value of the data Header title: Sorts alphabetically based on the category name Select the Filter summarized result check box to filter the data that displays in the report. Specify the maximum number of items to display. Enable Aggregate remaining items to group all remaining data in the Others category. Click Save. The Add/Edit Report Template screen appears with the updated chart settings applied. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base