---
id: ecs-feature-cost
title: Amazon ECS feature costs
sidebar_label: Amazon ECS feature costs
description: Amazon ECS feature costs
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Amazon ECS feature costs Estimate the costs of using Amazon ECS for your container environment. All cost estimations are for one account per month. Note The following data are estimates provided with no guarantees. Changes to Amazon ECS pricing, or differences between environments, might incur costs that are inconsistent with the estimated costs. Total Cost Type Number of Regions AWS Cost 10k unique images per region 19 AWS regions USD970.00 1 AWS region USD52.00 1K uniqe images per region 19 AWS regions USD100.00 1 AWS region USD5.00 Root Stack The root stack cost is negligible. Regional Stack The following estimates are for 19 regions, with 10,000 unique images running in each region every day. Type Resource Cost Estimation Additional Information Lambda ScanLambda 19 x USD.50.00 = USD950.00 This cost estimation assumes 5000 ms average duration per execution. Note The Lambda time out is 30 seconds. The cost of this Lambda can increase up to USD300.00 per region if all Lambda executions time out. CloudWatch Logs ScanLambdaLoggroup < USD0.50 per region x 19 <USD10.00 This cost estimation assumes that debug log is turned on, and that there are less than 1MB logs per day. SQS ScanRequestQueue ScanRequestDLQ < USD0.40 per region x 19 <USD3.00 This cost estimated is calculated as USD0.40 per million requests. Custom Resource IAM Free Total <USD970.00 Regional Stack The following estimates are for 19 regions, with 1,000 unique images running in each region every day. Type Resource Cost Estimation Additional Information Lambda ScanLambda 19 x USD5.00 = USD95.00 This cost estimation assumes 5000 ms average duration per execution. CloudWatch Logs ScanLambdaLoggroup < USD0.10 per region x 19 <USD2.00 This cost estimation assumes that debug log is turned on, and that there are less than 1MB logs per day. SQS ScanRequestQueue ScanRequestDLQ Free This cost estimated is calculated as USD0.40 per million requests. Custom Resource IAM Free Total <USD100.00 © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base