---
id: edit-training-notifications
title: Edit training campaign notification templates
sidebar_label: Edit training campaign notification templates
description: Edit training campaign notification templates
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Edit training campaign notification templates Add images, including logos and informative content, to your training campaign notification templates. When you create a training campaign, participants receive an invitation message based on the invitation template available for all training campaigns. You can also choose to send reminders and completion notifications to participants, both based on the available templates. You can modify the notification templates to suit your organization's needs by adding placeholders, editing text, and adding images. Procedure Go to Cyber Risk Exposure Management → Security Awareness → Training Campaigns and click the Notification Templates tab. Choose the notification template you want to edit. Invitation Reminder Completion notification Click Edit.The template editor appears. To change the sender name or subject of the email, edit the corresponding fields to the left of the editor. Click anywhere within the editor and begin typing to edit template text. To add variable content to the template, position your cursor where you want the placeholder to be and select a placeholder from the drop-down menu on the editor toolbar. Add images to the template if desired. Click the insert/edit image button () on the editor toolbar.The Insert/Edit Image window appears. Click the browse files button () and select an image from your local device. For better accessibility, provide a title and alt text description for the image. Specify the desired width and height of the image in pixels. Click Save. To edit the template HTML directly, click the source code button () on the editor toolbar to open a secondary editor containing the HTML used for the template. After you are finished editing the template, click Save.The modified template is now available for use when creating new training campaigns. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base