---
id: editing-scheduled-reports
title: Editing Scheduled Reports
sidebar_label: Editing Scheduled Reports
description: Editing Scheduled Reports
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Editing Scheduled Reports Use the Scheduled Reports screen to automatically generate reports on a user-defined schedule. When adding scheduled reports, specify whether to use custom or static templates. Procedure Go to Detections → Reports → Scheduled Reports. The Scheduled Reports screen appears. Click the Name of a scheduled report profile. The Edit Scheduled Report > Step 1: Contents screen appears. Type a name for the report in the Name field. (Optional) Type a description for the report in the Description field. In the Report Content section, select one of the following template types: Custom Templates: Select one or more custom report templates. Note Selecting multiple custom templates generates a single report that displays formatted data from all selected templates. For more information about creating custom report templates, see Adding or Editing Custom Templates. Static Templates: Select one or more of the static templates provided by Trend Micro. Select a static template from the Report category drop-down. Select the data to display in the report and specify any corresponding parameters. Select the report generation format. Custom template report formats: Adobe PDF format (*.pdf) HTML format (*.html) XML format (*.xml) CSV format (*.csv) Static template report formats: Adobe PDF format (*.pdf) Microsoft Word format (*.docx) Microsoft Excel format (*.xlsx) Click Next. The Edit Scheduled Report > Step 2: Targets screen appears. Specify targets using one of the following views. Product Directory: Select the managed products or folders containing the managed products that provide the report information. Tags and filters: Select up to 10 custom tags, filters, or important labels containing the users or endpoints that provide the report information. Note The Tags and filters view is only available for custom report templates. Reports generated by a user account only include data from endpoints that the user account is authorized to view. If a user account selects a tag, filter, or importance label containing endpoints that the user account does not have permission to view, then the generated report excludes data from the unauthorized endpoints. Editing a tag, filter, or importance label on the User/Endpoint Directory screen also modifies the corresponding tag, filter, or importance label used by log queries and reports. For example, if the an endpoint is removed from a custom filter on the User/Endpoint Directory screen, then log queries and generated reports that use the filter will exclude data from the removed endpoint. If the report contains data from a Network VirusWall Enforcer device, specify the clients from which the reports generate: All clients: Generates reports from all Network VirusWall Enforcer devices IP range: Generates reports from a specific IP address range Segment: Generates reports from a specific network segment Click Next. The Edit Scheduled Report > Step 3: Frequency screen appears. Specify how often the reports generate: Every 'n' days: Reports generate every 1 to 6 days, depending on your selection. Weekly: Reports generate weekly on the specified day. Bi-weekly: Reports generate every two weeks on the specified day. Monthly: Reports generate monthly on the first, 5th, 10th, 15th, 20th, 25th, or the last day of the month. Specify the data range: Reports include data up to the Start the schedule time specified below: This means that a report could have up to 23 hours more data contained in the report. While this has a small affect on weekly or monthly reports, this can make a "daily" report with almost two days worth of data depending on the Start schedule time. Reports include data up to 23:59:59 of the previous day: This means that data collection for the report stops just before midnight. Reports will be an exact time period (example: Daily reports will be 24 hours) but will not contain the absolute latest data. Specify when the report schedule starts: Immediately: The report schedule starts immediately after enabling the report. Start on: The report schedule starts on the date and time specified in the accompanying fields. Tip Click the calendar icon next to the mm/dd/yyyy field to use a dynamic calendar to specify the date range. Click Next. The Edit Scheduled Report > Step 4: Message Content and Recipients screen appears. (Optional) Email the report as an attachment to selected recipients. In the Subject field, type a title for the email message that contains the report. In the Message field, type a description about the report. Select Email the report as an attachment to send the report to selected recipients. Select contact groups or user accounts. Click >>. The selected contact groups or user accounts appear in the Recipient list. Click Finish. The Scheduled Reports screen appears and displays the newly added report generation task. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base