---
id: email-asset-inventory
title: Email Asset Inventory
sidebar_label: Email Asset Inventory
description: Email Asset Inventory
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Email Asset Inventory Manage the security configuration and take action on email assets in your environment. Email Asset Inventory (Email and Collaboration Security Operations → Email Asset Inventory) allows you to manage email assets in your environment including email accounts, domains, and email servers. You can quickly take action on email accounts that have issues, view detailed information about email accounts and domains, and manage protection policies. The following table outlines the actions available in Email Asset Inventory. Options Screen Location Description Available Actions Displays all discoverable email accounts that may require attention Click any status to display a list of the affected email accounts. Click the icons ( and ) next to any email account to see recommended actions. Immediate action required: An issue occurred on the email accounts that requires user intervention Unmanaged email accounts: The email accounts are discoverable on your network but do not have email sensor detection and response nor a protection solution deployed Email sensor detection disabled: The email accounts do not have email sensor detection and response deployed Email Account Inventory Displays all email accounts that have a protection solution or email sensor detection and response Click the protection name to view a list of all related email accounts. Important email accounts are marked with an icon (). Click an email account to view detailed information. All managed email accounts: All email accounts on your network that have either email sensor detection and response or Cloud App Security protection deployed Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection: All email accounts protected by Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection Cloud App Security protected: All email accounts protected by Cloud App Security Email sensor detection: All email accounts for which email sensor detection and response is enabled Email Domain Inventory Displays all email domains that have a protection solution Click the protection name to view a list of all related domains. Click a domain name to view detailed information. Cloud Email Gateway Protection managed domains: All domains protected by Cloud Email Gateway Protection Trend Micro Email Security managed domains: All domains protected by Trend Micro Email Security Email Server Inventory Displays email servers protected by a connected on-premises protection solution Click the protection name to view a list of managed email servers. Click Access to open the console for the managing protection solution in a new tab in your browser. All managed email servers: All on-premises email servers managed by a connected email protection solution ScanMail for Microsoft Exchange: All on-premises email servers managed by a connected ScanMail for Microsoft Exchange protection solution Interscan Messaging Security Virtual Appliance: All on-premises email servers managed by a connected Interscan Messaging Security virtual appliance protection solution Search and filter Search for email assets or apply filters to locate the assets you want to find Use the following search and filter actions to find the email account, domain, or email server you are looking for. Organization/Tenants: If you are managing multiple organizations, select the organization you wish to manage (email account inventory list only) Asset name: Specify the name of an email account, domain, or email server to search for the asset in the relevant list Add filters (): Filters the email assets that display in the list by selecting criteria Email sensor detection management Enables or disables email sensor detection and response for email accounts in Exchange Online, Gmail, or other email services The button only appears when viewing the Email Account Inventory. For more details, see Managing Email Sensor detection. Additional actions Refresh (): Refreshes the screen to show the latest statuses in the list Show/Hide Columns (): Customizes the columns that display in the list Related information Managing the email account inventory Managing the email domain inventory © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base