---
id: email-reporting-add-for-outlook
title: Email reporting add-in for Outlook
sidebar_label: Email reporting add-in for Outlook
description: Email reporting add-in for Outlook
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Email reporting add-in for Outlook The Email Reporting Add-in for Outlook provides an easy way for your users to report false positives and false negatives to Cloud Email Gateway Protection, which uses the reported data to improve threat detection for your Exchange email service. Note This feature is not available at the Japan site. The add-in is compatible with the following Exchange environments: Server side: Microsoft 365 Apps Exchange Server 2016 Exchange Server 2019 Client side: Microsoft 365 Apps Outlook on the web in Microsoft 365 (Supported on Microsoft Edge, Google Chrome, and Mozilla Firefox) If you are using the Microsoft 365 Apps at the server side, follow the instructions below to use the Email Reporting Add-in for Outlook. Action Description Deploy the add-in Deploy the add-in to your users' Outlook mailboxes in the Microsoft 365 admin center. For details, see Deploying the add-in in the Microsoft 365 admin center. Configure the add-in Configure whether your users can report false positives and false negatives to Cloud Email Gateway Protection. Log on to the Cloud Email Gateway Protection console, and go to Administration → Other Settings → Email Reporting Add-in for Outlook. Turn on the toggle allow your users to report emails as spam, phishing, or not a risk to Cloud Email Gateway Protection. Note Reporting an email also sends a copy of the email to Trend Micro. However, this action does not move or delete the email. End users can report emails that are received over the last 30 days and are protected by Cloud Email Gateway Protection. For example, internal emails, emails in the Sent Items folder, and emails for unprotected domains cannot be reported. Update the add-in Update the add-in to the latest version. Cloud Email Gateway Protection will make announcements when a new version is available. For details, see Updating the add-in in the Microsoft 365 admin center Remove the add-in Remove the add-in when it is no longer used in your organization. Log on to the Microsoft 365 admin center with your Global Administrator account. Go to Settings → Integrated apps, and locate and click Report Email. On the Report Email screen, click Remove app under Actions. On the Remove apps screen, check Yes, I'm sure I want to remove the app and associated data, and click Remove. According to Microsoft, it can take up to 24 hours for an add-in removal to apply at your users' side. If you are using Exchange Server 2016 or 2019 at the server side, follow the instructions below to use the Email Reporting Add-in for Outlook. Action Description Deploy the add-in Deploy the add-in to your users' Outlook mailboxes in the Exchange admin center. For details, see Deploying the add-in in the Exchange admin center Configure the add-in Configure whether your users can report false positives and false negatives to Cloud Email Gateway Protection. Log on to the Cloud Email Gateway Protection console, and go to Administration → Other Settings → Email Reporting Add-in for Outlook. Turn on the toggle allow your users to report emails as spam, phishing, or not a risk to Cloud Email Gateway Protection. Note Reporting an email also sends a copy of the email to Trend Micro. However, this action does not move or delete the email. Update the add-in Update the add-in to the latest version. Remove the existing Email Reporting Add-in. For details, see "Remove the add-in" in this table. Deploy the latest Email Reporting Add-in. For details, see Deploying the add-in in the Exchange admin center. According to Microsoft, it can take up to 72 hours for the update of an add-in to apply at your users' side. Remove the add-in Remove the add-in when it is no longer used in your organization. Log on to the Exchange admin center with an administrator account. Go to organization → add-ins. In the add-in list on the add-ins screen, select Report Email and click the delete button. According to Microsoft, it can take up to 72 hours for the removal of an add-in to apply at your users' side. Related information Deploying the add-in in the Microsoft 365 admin center Deploying the add-in in the Exchange admin center Updating the add-in in the Microsoft 365 admin center © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base