---
id: email-collab-security-release
title: Trend Vision One Email and Collaboration Security official launch
sidebar_label: Trend Vision One Email and Collaboration Security official launch
description: Trend Vision One Email and Collaboration Security official launch
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Trend Vision One Email and Collaboration Security official launch January 15, 2024—Trend Vision One provides a centralized and comprehensive solution for your email and collaboration security, offering a streamlined, single-console experience. Email Asset Inventory provides centralized visibility combining your protection managers with dedicated inventory views. Email account inventory, managed by Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection and Email Sensor, highlights noteworthy accounts which require further investigation. You can also quickly review your Exchange Online and Gmail protection status. Email domain inventory, managed by Cloud Email Gateway Protection, provides domain information and your email gateway protection status. Email server inventory provides information about your email servers managed by on-premises protection solutions including ScanMail for Microsoft Exchange and InterScan Messaging Security Virtual Appliance. Email Sensor provides centralized management for your email accounts allowing you to enable or disable XDR detection and response. Enabling email sensor detection and response provides XDR capabilities for email accounts as well as providing cross-layered capabilities covering identity, endpoint, network, and more. Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection provides real-time protection to enhance security with powerful enterprise-class threat and data protection control, including protection against ransomware, phishing, Business Email Compromise (BEC), zero-day and hidden malware, unauthorized transmission of sensitive data, targeted attack user, and account takeover. Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection integrates cloud-to-cloud with the protected applications and services, and leverage both inline and API integration to maintain high availability and administrative functionality, as well as auto-remediation based on the latest pattern updates on incoming, outgoing and internal messages. Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection provides protection for the following cloud email and collaboration applications: Microsoft Office 365 services (Exchange Online, SharePoint Online, OneDrive, Microsoft Teams) Google Workspace (Google Drive, Gmail) Box Dropbox For customers with an existing Cloud App Security solution, update to Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection through the Product Instance app to seamlessly integrate with Trend Vision One to manage email and collaboration security within one console, one platform. To learn more, see Update from Cloud App Security. Cloud Email Gateway Protection provides email security at the gateway level through MX record rerouting of inbound messages to block dangerous and unwanted emails before they reach your email servers. In addition to malware scanning, spam detection, and content filtering, Cloud Email Gateway Protection also supports domain-based authentication such as SPF/DKIM/DMARC, directory-based recipient verification, outbound DLP, and email encryption - all configurable through robust policy settings. For customers with an existing Trend Email Security solution, update to Cloud Email Gateway Protection to seamlessly integrate with Trend Vision One to manage email gateway security within one console, one platform. To learn more, see Update from Trend Micro Email Security. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base