---
id: enabled-regions
title: Cloud Risk Management Scan enabled regions
sidebar_label: Cloud Risk Management Scan enabled regions
description: Cloud Risk Management Scan enabled regions
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Cloud Risk Management Scan enabled regions The Cloud Risk Management Scan is set to ON for all regions by default, however there is the option to disable bot runs at the region level. On disabling the bot in a region, notifications will not be received for new failures in that particular region and all checks for the region will be removed from the application. However, Real-time threat monitoring will continue to monitor the region for any risks and security issues. Note Once a region is disabled, a bot run has to be made for changes to take effect. We do not recommend disabling regions. Disable regions To disable, turn the toggle OFF for the required region and click Update bot settings. Once disabled, the status of the region will be displayed on both: Cloud Risk Management Scan settings page Settings page Scanning Resources for Disabled Regions Cloud Risk Management Scan does not scan resources for the disabled regions. US East (N. Virginia) Region Partial scanning will still happen even if a region is disabled as it is the parent or default region for global services. A new warning message is displayed for partial scanning. For example, When us-east-1 (N. Virginia) region is disabled, the following warning message will be displayed: WARNING Partial scanning will occur for region US East (N. Virginia) as global services are hosted in this region that applies to all regions of AWS infrastructure_ Global Service Regions An additional warning message informing customers about partial scanning for global service regions is also displayed even if the region is disabled for scanning. IAM Resources Cloud Risk Management Scan will still scan IAM resources since IAM is a global service i.e. applies to all regions of AWS infrastructure. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base