---
id: endpoint-security-policies
title: Endpoint Security Policies (unified assignment)
sidebar_label: Endpoint Security Policies (unified assignment)
description: Endpoint Security Policies (unified assignment)
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Endpoint Security Policies (unified assignment) Configure policy settings and assignments to centrally manage endpoint security features. Important If this is your first time using the new Endpoint Security Policies, please read Before you enroll. This version of Endpoint Security Policies is an updated and improved version which integrates most features from Standard Endpoint Protection and Server & Workload Protection. However, support for some features is still under development. Review Before you enroll to avoid any potential interruption to your security environment. To verify which version of Endpoint Security Policies you are using, look for the Assignments and Policies tabs. If you do not see the tabs, see Endpoint Security Policies. Endpoint Security Policies (unified assignment) Endpoint security policies (unified assignment) only support endpoints with the Trend Vision One Endpoint Security agent version 202507 release or later installed. Endpoint Security Policies (unified assignment) is a "Pre-release" feature and is not considered an official release. Please review the Pre-Release Disclaimer before using the feature. This feature is not available in all regions. Endpoint Security Policies allows you to manage Trend Vision One Endpoint Security agent features using Policies and Assignments. Policies offer a unified method for configuring security features from across all agent features including the Endpoint Sensor, Standard Endpoint Protection, and Server & Workload Protection. Use assignments to apply policies to target endpoint groups based on priority criteria. Related information About endpoint security policies (unified assignment) Before you enroll your endpoint groups Getting started with Endpoint Security Policies (unified assignment) Policies Assignments Endpoint Security Policies troubleshooting and FAQ © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base