---
id: endpoint-security-policy-resources
title: Policy Resources
sidebar_label: Policy Resources
description: Policy Resources
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Policy Resources Manage rule, lists, and other settings to use with your policies. Important Policy Resources is a "Pre-release" feature and is not considered an official release. Please review the Pre-Release Disclaimer before using the feature. This feature is not available in all regions. Policy Resources provides a central location to create, manage, and configure settings that are reusable across your Endpoint Security Policies. Policy Resources includes rules, lists, schedules, and authorization tokens. There are several actions you can take depending on the resource type. Note Some actions are not available for every resource. Authorization tokens have a different set of actions. For more information, see Authorization tokens. Trend Micro provides pre-defined lists for some resource types. Pre-defined lists cannot be modified or deleted. Common resource actions Action Description Add a resource Click the add button to create a new rule, list, or schedule. Find a resource Use the search field to find a rule, list, or schedule. Some resources also have filter options. Edit a resource Click the name and edit the details under General. View which policies use a resource Click the rule name and click Policies or Policies and resources to view a list of policies that use the rule, list, or schedule. Some resources are also used by other resources and appear in the list. Duplicate a resource Select a resource and click Duplicate. In the Duplicate window, specify a unique name for the new resource and click Duplicate. Note You can only duplicate one resource at a time. The duplicate action is not available for all resource types. Delete a resource Select one or more rules, lists, or schedules and click Delete. In the Delete window, review the selection and click Delete. You can remove a selected resource using the remove icon (). Important You cannot delete resources which are in use by policies. Remove resources from all policies before deleting. Some lists are also used by policy resource rules. Remove lists from all policies and rules before deleting. Related information Application Control Rules Firewall Rules Directory Lists File Extension Lists File Lists IP Lists Port Lists Program Lists Web Lists Schedules Authorization tokens © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base