---
id: endpoint-security-agent-console
title: Trend Vision One Endpoint Security agent console
sidebar_label: Trend Vision One Endpoint Security agent console
description: Trend Vision One Endpoint Security agent console
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Trend Vision One Endpoint Security agent console Discover the Trend Vision One Endpoint Security agent console on your endpoints and manage the settings available to users on your managed endpoints. Important The Trend Vision One Endpoint Security agent console is currently only available for Windows endpoints with the unified agent release version 202504. Support for additional operating system platforms is coming soon. The agent console is only available for endpoints with the Trend Vision One Endpoint Security agent installed. The agent console currently only provides status and health information for Endpoint Sensor features. If you have deployed Standard Endpoint Protection or Server & Workload Protection to your endpoint, your system tray might show two agent consoles. Integration of Standard Endpoint Protection and Server & Workload Security Protection features into a single console experience is coming soon. The Trend Vision One Endpoint Security agent console is a user interface for the agent program accessible by users on managed endpoints. The agent console provides information about the installed agent and enabled security features. You can manage agent console settings such as enabling alerts, customizing alert messages, and controlling end-user access to the agent console in Endpoint Security Policies. Endpoint users can hover the mouse over the system tray icon () to get a quick glance at the agent status, and click on the icon to open the agent console. Agent Console Screens Screen Description Agent & Components Information about the installed agent program and security components The Agents & Components screen provides detailed information about the installed agent and components including the agent GUID, registered business, and component versions. Important The agent console currently only displays information for the Endpoint Sensor components. Security Capability Status Information about the assigned policy and enabled security features The Security Capability Status screen provides a quick overview of the agent security configuration, including the assigned Endpoint Security policy and which Endpoint Sensor features are enabled on the endpoint. Related information Agent console notifications Agent console icon status messages © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base