---
id: error-mqtt-connection-offline
title: "Error: MQTT Connection Offline"
sidebar_label: "Error: MQTT Connection Offline"
description: "Error: MQTT Connection Offline"
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Error: MQTT Connection Offline After enabling Activity Monitoring, if you encounter an "MQTT Connection offline" error, address it as follows: Procedure Ensure the agents have outbound connectivity to Trend Vision One. If you have a firewall or proxy, add the following URL to the allow list and the SSL or TLS inspection settings: agent-comm.workload.<cloudoneregion>.cloudone.trendmicro.com For accounts created before August 4, 2021, use us-1 for the region. For accounts created on or after August 4, 2021, verify the region in Account Settings. See Required Workload Security URLs for the latest address list. For Deep Security Agent version 20.0.2-4960 or earlier, verify the agent Activity Monitoring configuration on the machine: For Windows, enter the following commands when running a command prompt as Administrator: cd "C:\Program Files\Trend Micro\Deep Security Agent" sendCommand.cmd --get GetConfiguration | findstr -i Sensor For Linux, enter the following command in a terminal: sudo /opt/ds_agent/sendCommand --get GetConfiguration | grep -i "sensor" The result should be as follows: sensorActivityEnabled=true Feature SENSOR state= 1 Ensure the Internet of Things (IoT) connection is online: For Windows, enter the following commands when running a command prompt as Administrator: cd "C:\Program Files\Trend Micro\Deep Security Agent" sendCommand --get GetIoT For Linux, enter the following command in a terminal: sudo /opt/ds_agent/sendCommand --get GetIoT Ensure you have the latest agent. See Upgrade the agent from the Computers page. If the host was created as a clone, ensure that: Cloning best practices were followed. See Cloned virtual machines using Deep Security Agent (DSA) cause conflict among multiple cloned computers. The host experiencing issues is the only host communicating with Deep Security Manager regarding the host record experiencing the alert. If Deep Security Agent has been re-registered with a new configuration for MQTT, restart the dsa-connect process or restart the agent on the host. If the issue persists: Trend Vision One customers are advised to refer to Trend Vision One Help and Support. Trend Cloud One customers are advised to submit a ticket via Trend Micro Cloud One Support. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base