---
id: error-mqtt-config-check-failed
title: "Error: MQTT Configuration Readiness Check Failed"
sidebar_label: "Error: MQTT Configuration Readiness Check Failed"
description: "Error: MQTT Configuration Readiness Check Failed"
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Error: MQTT Configuration Readiness Check Failed If you encounter an "MQTT Configuration Readiness Check Failed" error while enabling Activity Monitoring or if your version qualifies for Activity Monitoring decoupling, it could be due to one of the following reasons: Issues with connecting to the MQTT endpoint Duplicate computer ID Issues with connecting to the MQTT endpoint If you cannot connect to agent-comm.workload.<cloudoneregion>.cloudone.trendmicro.com, it indicates a failure to establish a TCP connection to the requested MQTT FQDN. To troubleshoot, perform the following: Check the outbound connectivity to Trend Vision One. If you are using a firewall or proxy, add the agent-comm.workload.<cloudoneregion>.cloudone.trendmicro.com URL to your allow list and adjust the SSL/TLS inspection settings accordingly. For accounts created before August 4, 2021, use us-1 for the region; for accounts created on or after August 4, 2021, verify your region in the Account Settings. See Required Workload Security URLs for the latest address list. Duplicate computer ID detected If the agent detects a potential cloned agent, resolve the issue as follows: Consult the cloning best practices and ensure that you followed them. See Cloned virtual machines using Deep Security Agent (DSA) cause conflict among multiple cloned computers. Check the host communication to confirm that the host experiencing issues is the only agent communicating regarding the host record associated with the error. Update virtual UUID. If your agent’s virtual UUID (bios-uuid) was updated recently, recover the status as follows: Deactivate the agent. Delete the corresponding host from the Computer page. Reactivate the agent with the required policy. If the issue persists: Trend Vision One customers are advised to refer to Trend Vision One Help and Support. Trend Cloud One customers are advised to submit a ticket via Trend Micro Cloud One Support. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base