---
id: events-json-format
title: Events in JSON format
sidebar_label: Events in JSON format
description: Events in JSON format
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Events in JSON format When published to Amazon SNS, events are sent in the SNS Message as an array of JSON objects that are encoded as strings. Each object in the array is one event. Valid properties vary by the type of event. For example, MajorVirusType is a valid property only for Server & Workload Protection Anti-Malware events, not system events etc. Valid property values vary for each property. For examples, see Example events in JSON format. Event property values can be used to filter which events are published to the SNS topic. For details, see SNS configuration in JSON format. Valid event properties Note Some events don't have all of the properties that usually apply to their event type. Property Name Data Type Description Applies To Event Type(s) ACRulesetID Integer The unique identifier of the Application Control Ruleset applied to the computer where the event was detected. Application Control events Action String (enum) Action taken for the application control event, such as "Execution of Software Blocked by Rule", "Execution of Unrecognized Software Allowed" (due to detect-only mode) or "Execution of Unrecognized Software Blocked". Application Control events Action Integer (enum) Action taken for the firewall event. "Detect Only" values show what would have happened if the rule had been enabled. 0=Unknown, 1=Deny, 6=Log Only, 0x81=Detect Only: Deny. Firewall events Action Integer (enum) Action taken for the Intrusion Prevention event. 0=Unknown, 1=Deny, 2=Reset, 3=Insert, 4=Delete, 5=Replace, 6=Log Only, 0x81=Detect Only: Deny, 0x82=Detect Only: Reset, 0x83=Detect Only: Insert, 0x84=Detect Only: Delete, 0x85=Detect Only: Replace. Intrusion Prevention events ActionBy String Name of the Server & Workload Protection user who performed the event, or "System" if the event was not generated by a user. System events ActionReasonDesc String The reason the Action was blocked. Application Control events ActionString String Conversion of Action to a readable string. Firewall events, Intrusion Prevention events AdministratorID Integer Unique identifier of the Server & Workload Protection user who performed an action. Events generated by the system and not by a user will not have an identifier. System events AggregationType Integer (enum) Whether or not the Application Control event occurred repeatedly. If "AggregationType" is not "0", then the number of occurrences is in "RepeatCount." 0=Not aggregated, 1=Aggregated based on file name, path and event type, 2=Aggregated based on event type Application Control events AMTarget String The file, process, or registry key (if any) that the malware was trying to affect. If the malware was trying to affect more than one, this field will contain the value "Multiple." Anti-Malware events AMTargetCount Integer The number of target files. Anti-Malware events AMTargetType Integer The numeric code for the type of system resources that this malware was trying to affect. For the descriptive version, see AMTargetTypeString. 0=Unknown, 1=Process, 2=Registry, 3=File System, 4=Invoke, 5=Exploit, 6=API, 7=Memory, 8=Network Connection, 9=Uncategorized Anti-Malware events AMTargetTypeString String The type of system resource that this malware was trying to affect, such as the file system, a process, or Windows registry. Anti-Malware events ATSEDDetectionLevel Integer The detection level of document exploit protection. Anti-Malware events ApplicationType String Name of the network application type associated with the Intrusion Prevention rule, if available. Intrusion Prevention events BehaviorRuleId String The behavior monitoring rule ID for internal malware case tracking. Anti-Malware events BehaviorType String The type of behavior monitoring event detected. Anti-Malware events BlockReason Integer (enum) A reason that corresponds to the Action. 0=Unknown, 1=Blocked due to rule, 2=Blocked due to unrecognized Application Control events Change Integer (enum) What type of change was made to a file, process, registry key, etc. for an Integrity Monitoring event. 1=Created, 2=Updated, 3=Deleted, 4=Renamed. Integrity Monitoring events ChangeString String What type of change was made to a file, process, registry key, etc. for an Integrity Monitoring event: Created, Updated, Deleted, or Renamed. Integrity Monitoring events CloudOneAccountID String The ID of the Cloud One Account. All event types CommandLine String The commands that the subject process executed. Anti-Malware events ContainerID String ID of the container where the event occurred. Anti-Malware events, Intrusion Prevention events, Firewall events ContainerImageName String Image name of the Docker container where the malware was found. Anti-Malware events ContainerName String Name of the container where the event occurred. Anti-Malware events, Intrusion Prevention events, Firewall events CreationTime String (Date) The creation time of the infected file. Anti-Malware events Cve String The CVE information, if the process behavior is identified in one of Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures. Anti-Malware events DataIndex Integer A unique ID for packet data. Intrusion Prevention events Description String Description of the change made to the entity (created, deleted, updated) along with details about the attributes changed. Integrity Monitoring events Description String Brief description of what happened during an event. System events DestinationIP String (IP) The IP address of the destination of a packet. Firewall events, Intrusion Prevention events DestinationMAC String (MAC) The MAC address of the destination of a packet. Firewall events, Intrusion Prevention events DestinationPort Integer The network port number a packet was sent to. Firewall events, Intrusion Prevention events DetectionCategory Integer (enum) The detection category for a web reputation event. 12=User Defined, 13=Custom, 91=Global. Web Reputation events DetectOnly Boolean Whether or not the event was returned with the Detect Only flag turned on. If true, this indicates that the URL was not blocked, but access was detected. Web Reputation events Direction Integer (enum) Network packet direction. 0=Incoming, 1=Outgoing. Firewall events, Intrusion Prevention events DirectionString String Conversion Direction to a readable string. Firewall events, Intrusion Prevention events DriverTime Integer The time the log was generated as recorded by the driver. Firewall events, Intrusion Prevention events EndLogDate String (Date) The last log date recorded for repeated events. Will not be present for events that did not repeat. Firewall events, Intrusion Prevention events EngineType Integer The Anti-Malware engine type. Anti-Malware events EngineVersion String The Anti-Malware engine version. Anti-Malware events EntityType String (enum) The type of entity an integrity monitoring event applies to: Directory, File, Group, InstalledSoftware, Port, Process, RegistryKey, RegistryValue, Service, User, or Wql Integrity Monitoring events ErrorCode Integer Error code for malware scanning events. If non-zero the scan failed, and the scan action and scan result fields contain more details. Anti-Malware events EventID Integer DEPRECATED. Use UniqueID instead. The value of this field will always be 0 on or after January 1, 2021. All event types EventType String (enum) The type of the event. One of: "SystemEvent", "PacketLog", "PayloadLog", "AntiMalwareEvent", "WebReputationEvent", "IntegrityEvent", "LogInspectionEvent", "AppControlEvent". All event types FileName String File name of the software that was allowed or blocked, such as "script.sh". (The full path is separate, in "Path".) Application Control events FileSHA1 String The filesha1 (Secure Hash Algorithm 1 result) of the infected file. Anti-Malware events FileSize Integer File size of the software that was allowed or blocked Application Control events Flags String Flags recorded from a network packet; a space-separated list of strings. Firewall events, Intrusion Prevention events Flow Integer (enum) Network connection flow. Possible values: -1=Not Applicable, 0=Connection Flow, 1=Reverse Flow Firewall events, Intrusion Prevention events FlowString String Conversion of Flow to a readable string. Firewall events, Intrusion Prevention events ForwardedSrc Array (Byte) The source information of a forwarded packet Intrusion Prevention events Frame Integer (enum) Frame type. -1=Unknown, 2048=IP, 2054=ARP, 32821=REVARP, 33169=NETBEUI, 0x86DD=IPv6 Firewall events, Intrusion Prevention events FrameString String Conversion of Frame to a readable string. Firewall events, Intrusion Prevention events GroupID String The group ID, if any, of the user account that tried to start the software, such as "0". Application Control events GroupName String The group name, if any, of the user account that tried to start the software, such as "root". Application Control events HostAgentVersion String The version of the agent that was protecting the computer where the event was detected. Application Control events, Anti-Malware events, Web Reputation events, Integrity Monitoring events, Log Inspection events, Firewall events, Intrusion Prevention events HostAgentGUID String The global unique identifier (GUID) of the agent when activated with Server & Workload Protection. Anti-Malware events, Application Control events, Firewall events, Integrity Monitoring events, Intrusion Prevention events, Log Inspection events, Web Reputation events HostAssetValue Integer The asset value assigned to the computer at the time the event was generated. Anti-Malware events, Web Reputation events, Integrity Monitoring events, Log Inspection events, Firewall events, Intrusion Prevention events, Application Control events HostCloudType String The cloud service provider where the Deep Security Agent is hosted. Anti-Malware events, Application Control events, Firewall events, Integrity Monitoring events, Intrusion Prevention events, Log Inspection events, Web Reputation events HostGUID String The global unique identifier (GUID) of the Deep Security Agent. Anti-Malware events, Application Control events, Firewall events, Integrity Monitoring events, Intrusion Prevention events, Log Inspection events, Web Reputation events HostGroupID Integer The unique identifier of the Computer Group of the computer where the event was detected. Application Control events, Anti-Malware events, Web Reputation events, Integrity Monitoring events, Log Inspection events, Firewall events, Intrusion Prevention events HostGroupName String The name of the Computer Group of the computer where the event was detected. Note that Computer Group names may not be unique. Application Control events, Anti-Malware events, Web Reputation events, Integrity Monitoring events, Log Inspection events, Firewall events, Intrusion Prevention events HostID Integer Unique identifier of the computer where the event occurred. Anti-Malware events, Web Reputation events, Integrity Monitoring events, Log Inspection events, Firewall events, Intrusion Prevention events, Application Control events HostInstanceID String The cloud instance ID of the computer where the event was detected. This property will only be set for computers synchronized with a Cloud Connector. Application Control events, Anti-Malware events, Web Reputation events, Integrity Monitoring events, Log Inspection events, Firewall events, Intrusion Prevention events HostLastIPUsed String (IP) The latest IP address updated from the agent when communicated to Deep Security Manager. Anti-Malware events, Application Control events, Firewall events, Integrity Monitoring events, Intrusion Prevention events, Log Inspection events, Web Reputation events Hostname String Hostname of the computer on which the event was generated. Anti-Malware events, Web Reputation events, Integrity Monitoring events, Log Inspection events, Firewall events, Intrusion Prevention events, Application Control events HostOS String The operating system of the computer where the event was detected. Anti-Malware events, Web Reputation events, Integrity Monitoring events, Log Inspection events, Firewall events, Intrusion Prevention events, Application Control events HostOwnerID String The cloud account ID of the computer where the event was detected. This property will only be set for computers synchronized with a Cloud Connector. Application Control events, Anti-Malware events, Web Reputation events, Integrity Monitoring events, Log Inspection events, Firewall events, Intrusion Prevention events HostSecurityPolicyID Integer The unique identifier of the Server & Workload Protection policy applied to the computer where the event was detected. Anti-Malware events, Web Reputation events, Integrity Monitoring events, Log Inspection events, Firewall events, Intrusion Prevention events, Application Control events HostSecurityPolicyName String The name of the Server & Workload Protection policy applied to the computer where the event was detected. Note that security policy names may not be unique. Anti-Malware events, Web Reputation events, Integrity Monitoring events, Log Inspection events, Firewall events, Intrusion Prevention events, Application Control events HostVCUUID String The vCenter UUID of the computer the event applies to, if known. Application Control events, Anti-Malware events, Web Reputation events, Integrity Monitoring events, Log Inspection events, Firewall events, Intrusion Prevention events ImageDigest String A unique summary of data used to identify the container image. Intrusion Prevention events, Firewall events ImageID String Image ID of the Docker container where the event occurred Intrusion Prevention events ImageName String Image name that was used to create the container where the event occurred. Intrusion Prevention events, Firewall events InfectedFilePath String Path of the infected file in the case of malware detection. Anti-Malware events InfectionSource String The name of the computer that's the source of a malware infection, if known. Anti-Malware events Interface String (MAC) MAC address of the network interface sending or receiving a packet. Firewall events, Intrusion Prevention events InterfaceType String Container interface type. 0=physical interfaces belong to host that can be controlled separately in Server & Workload Protection, 1=all virtual interfaces, 7=unknown type (typically the host interface). Intrusion Prevention events, Firewall events IPDatagramLength Integer The length of the IP datagram. Intrusion Prevention events IsHash String The SHA-1 content hash (hexadecimal encoded) of the file after it was modified. Integrity Monitoring events Key String The file or registry key an integrity event refers to. Integrity Monitoring events LogDate String (Date) The date and time when the event was recorded. For agent-generated events (Firewall, IPS, etc.), the time is when the event was recorded by the agent, not when the event was received by Server & Workload Protection. All event types MajorVirusType Integer (enum) The classification of malware detected. 0=Joke, 1=Trojan, 2=Virus, 3=Test, 4=Spyware, 5=Packer, 6=Generic, 7=Other Anti-Malware events MajorVirusTypeString String Conversion of MajorVirusType to a readable string. Anti-Malware events MalwareName String The name of the malware detected. Anti-Malware events MalwareType Integer (enum) The type of malware detected. 1=General malware, 2=Spyware. General malware events will have an InfectedFilePath, spyware events will not. Anti-Malware events ManagerNodeID Integer Unique identifier of the Server & Workload Protection Node where the event was generated. System events ManagerNodeName String Name of the Server & Workload Protection Node where the event was generated. System events MD5 String The MD5 checksum (hash) of the software, if any. Application Control events Mitre String The MITRE information, if the process behavior is identified in one of MITRE attack scenarios. Anti-Malware events ModificationTime String (Date) The modification time of the infected file. Anti-Malware events Note Array (Byte) Encoded note about the packet where the event occurred. Intrusion Prevention events Number Integer System events have an additional ID that identifies the event. Note that in Server & Workload Protection, this property appears as "Event ID". System events Operation Integer (enum) 0=Unknown, 1=Allowed due to detect-only mode, 2=Blocked Application control OperationDesc String Describes the Operation value Application Control events Origin Integer (enum) The origin of the event. -1=Unknown, 0=Agent, 3=Server & Workload Protection All event types OriginString String Conversion of Origin to a human-readable string. All event types OSSEC_Action String OSSEC action Log Inspection events OSSEC_Command String OSSEC command Log Inspection events OSSEC_Data String OSSEC data Log Inspection events OSSEC_Description String OSSEC description Log Inspection events OSSEC_DestinationIP String OSSEC dstip Log Inspection events OSSEC_DestinationPort String OSSEC dstport Log Inspection events OSSEC_DestinationUser String OSSEC dstuser Log Inspection events OSSEC_FullLog String OSSEC full log Log Inspection events OSSEC_Groups String OSSEC groups result (e.g. syslog,authentication_failure) Log Inspection events OSSEC_Hostname String OSSEC hostname. This is the name of the host as read from a log entry, which is not necessarily the same as the name of the host on which the event was generated. Log Inspection events OSSEC_ID String OSSEC id Log Inspection events OSSEC_Level Integer (enum) OSSEC level. An integer in the range 0 to 15 inclusive. 0-3=Low severity, 4-7=Medium severity, 8-11=High severity, 12-15=Critical severity. Log Inspection events OSSEC_Location String OSSEC location Log Inspection events OSSEC_Log String OSSEC log Log Inspection events OSSEC_ProgramName String OSSEC program_name Log Inspection events OSSEC_Protocol String OSSEC protocol Log Inspection events OSSEC_RuleID Integer OSSEC rule id Log Inspection events OSSEC_SourceIP Integer OSSEC srcip Log Inspection events OSSEC_SourcePort Integer OSSEC srcport Log Inspection events OSSEC_SourceUser Integer OSSEC srcuser Log Inspection events OSSEC_Status Integer OSSEC status Log Inspection events OSSEC_SystemName Integer OSSEC systemname Log Inspection events OSSEC_URL Integer OSSEC url Log Inspection events PacketData Integer Hexadecimal encoding of captured packet data, if the rule was configured to capture packet data. Intrusion Prevention events PacketSize Integer The size of the network packet. Firewall events Path String Directory path of the software file that was allowed or blocked, such as "/usr/bin/". (The file name is separate, in "FileName".) Application Control events PatternVersion Integer (enum) The malware detection pattern version. Anti-Malware events PayloadFlags Integer Intrusion Prevention Filter Flags. A bitmask value that can include the following flag values: 1 - Data truncated - Data could not be logged. 2 - Log Overflow - Log overflowed after this log. 4 - Suppressed - Logs threshold suppressed after this log. 8 - Have Data - Contains packet data. 16 - Reference Data - References previously logged data. Intrusion Prevention events PodID String Pod unique ID (UID) Intrusion Prevention events, Firewall events PosInBuffer Integer Position within packet of data that triggered the event. Intrusion Prevention events PosInStream Integer Position within stream of data that triggered the event. Intrusion Prevention events Process String The name of the process that generated the event, if available. Integrity Monitoring events Process String The process name of behavior monitoring event detected. Anti-Malware events ProcessID Integer The identifier (PID) of the process that generated the event, if available. Application Control events, Intrusion Prevention events, Firewall events ProcessName String The name of the process that generated the event, if available, such as "/usr/bin/bash". Application Control events, Intrusion Prevention events, Firewall events Protocol Integer (enum) The numerical network protocol identifier. -1=Unknown, 1=ICMP, 2=IGMP, 3=GGP, 6=TCP, 12=PUP, 17=UDP, 22=IDP, 58=ICMPv6, 77=ND, 255=RAW Firewall events, Intrusion Prevention events Protocol Integer The numerical value for the file scan protocol. 0=Local file Anti-Malware events ProtocolString String Conversion of Protocol to a readable string. Firewall events, Intrusion Prevention events Rank Integer The numerical rank of the event; the product of the computer's assigned asset value and the severity value setting for an event of this severity. Integrity Monitoring events, Log Inspection events, Firewall events, Intrusion Prevention events Reason String Name of the Server & Workload Protection rule or configuration object that triggered the event, or (for Firewall and Intrusion Prevention) a mapping of Status to String if the event was not triggered by a rule. For Application Control, "Reason" may be "None"; see "BlockReason" instead. Firewall, Intrusion Prevention, Integrity Monitoring, Log Inspection, Anti-Malware, and Application Control events RepeatCount Integer The number of times this event occurred repeatedly. A repeat count of 1 indicates the event was only observed once and did not repeat. Firewall events, Intrusion Prevention events, Application Control events Risk Integer (enum) Translated risk level of the URL accessed. 2=Suspicious, 3=Highly Suspicious, 4=Dangerous, 5=Untested, 6=Blocked by Administrator Web Reputation events RiskLevel Integer The raw risk level of the URL from 0 to 100. Will not be present if the URL was blocked by a block rule. Web Reputation events RiskString String Conversion of Risk to a readable string. Web Reputation events ScanAction1 Integer Scan action 1. Scan action 1 & 2 and scan result actions 1 & 2 and ErrorCode are combined to form the single "summaryScanResult". Anti-Malware events ScanAction2 Integer Scan action 2. Anti-Malware events ScanResultAction1 Integer Scan result action 1. Anti-Malware events ScanResultAction2 Integer Scan result action 2. Anti-Malware events ScanResultString String Malware scan result, as a string. A combination of ScanAction 1 and 2, ScanActionResult 1 and 2, and ErrorCode. Anti-Malware events ScanType Integer (enum) Malware scan type that created the event. 0=Real-Time, 1=Manual, 2=Scheduled, 3=Quick Scan Anti-Malware events ScanTypeString String Conversion of ScanType to a readable string. Anti-Malware events Severity Integer 1=Info, 2=Warning, 3=Error System events Severity Integer (enum) 1=Low, 2=Medium, 3=High, 4=Critical Integrity Monitoring events, Intrusion Prevention events SeverityString String Conversion of Severity to a human-readable string. System events, Integrity Monitoring events, Intrusion Prevention events SeverityString String Conversion of OSSEC_Level to a human-readable string. Log Inspection events SHA1 String The SHA-1 checksum (hash) of the software, if any. Application Control events SHA256 String The SHA-256 checksum (hash) of the software, if any. Application Control events SourceIP String (IP) The source IP address of a packet. Firewall events, Intrusion Prevention events SourceMAC String (MAC) The source MAC Address of the packet. Firewall events, Intrusion Prevention events SourcePort Integer The network source port number of the packet. Firewall events, Intrusion Prevention events Status Integer If this event was not generated by a specific Firewall rule, then this status is one of approximately 50 hard-coded rules, such as 123=Out Of Allowed Policy Firewall events Status Integer If this event was not generated by a specific IPS rule, then this status is one of approximately 50 hard-coded reasons, such as -504=Invalid UTF8 encoding Intrusion Prevention events Tags String Comma-separated list of tags that have been applied to the event. This list will only include tags that are automatically applied when the event is generated. All event types TagSetID Integer Identifier of the group of tags that was applied to the event. All event types TargetID Integer Unique identifier of the target of the event. This identifier is unique for the targets of the same type within a tenant. It is possible for target IDs to be reused across different types, for example, both a Computer and a Policy may have target ID 10. System events TargetIP String (IP) IP Address that was being contacted when a Web Reputation Event was generated. Web Reputation events TargetName String The name of the target of the event. The target of a system event can be many things, including computers, policies, users, roles, and tasks. System events TargetType String The type of the target of the event. System events TenantGUID String The global unique identifier (GUID) of the tenant associated with the event. All event types TenantID Integer Unique identifier of the tenant associated with the event. All event types TenantName String Name of the tenant associated with the event. All event types ThreadID String ID of the thread (from the container) that caused the event. Intrusion Prevention events, Firewall events Title String Title of the event. System events UniqueID Integer The globally unique identifier of the event. The field that uniquely identifies the event across all platforms, services, and storage types. All event types URL String (URL) The URL being accessed that generated the event. Web Reputation events User String The user account that was the target of an integrity monitoring event, if known. Integrity Monitoring events UserID String The user identifier (UID), if any, of the user account that tried to start the software, such as "0". Application Control events UserName String For Anti-Malware events, this is the user account name who triggered the event. For Application Control events, this is the user name, if any, of the user account that tried to start the software, such as "root". Anti-Malware events, Application Control events Data types of event properties Events forwarded as JSON usually use strings to encode other data types. Data Type Description Array (Byte) JSON array, composed of byte values. Boolean JSON true or false. Integer JSON int. Server & Workload Protection does not output floating point numbers in events. Note Integers in events may be more than 32 bits. Verify the code that processes events can handle this. For example, JavaScript's Number data type cannot safely handle larger than 32-bit integers. Integer (enum) JSON int, restricted to a set of enumerated values. String JSON string. String (Date) JSON string, formatted as a date and time in the pattern YYYY-MM-DDThh:mm:ss.sssZ (ISO 8601). 'Z' is the time zone. 'sss' are the three digits for sub-seconds. See also the W3C note on date and time formats. String (IP) JSON string, formatted as an IPv4 or IPv6 address. String (MAC) JSON string, formatted as a network MAC address. String (URL) JSON string, formatted as a URL. String (enum) JSON string, restricted to a set of enumerated values. Example events in JSON format System event { "Type" : "Notification", "MessageId" : "123abc-123-123-123-123abc", "TopicArn" : "arn:aws:sns:us-west-2:123456789:DS_Events", "Message" : "[ { "ActionBy":"System", "CloudOneAccountID": "012345678900" "Description":"Alert: New Pattern Update is Downloaded and Available\\nSeverity: Warning\", "EventID":6813, "EventType":"SystemEvent", "LogDate":"2018-12-04T15:54:24.086Z", "ManagerNodeID":123, "ManagerNodeName":"job7-123", "Number":192, "Origin":3, "OriginString":"Manager", "Severity":1, "SeverityString":"Info", "Tags":"\", "TargetID":1, "TargetName":"ec2-12-123-123-123.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com", "TargetType":"Host", "TenantID":123, "TenantName":"Umbrella Corp.", "Title":"Alert Ended" "UniqueID": "2e447b1889e712340f6d071cebd92ea9" } ]", "Timestamp" : "2018-12-04T15:54:25.130Z", "SignatureVersion" : "1", "Signature" : "500PER10NG5!gnaTURE==", "SigningCertURL" : "https://sns.us-west-2.amazonaws.com/SimpleNotificationService-abc123.pem", "UnsubscribeURL" : "https://sns.us-west-2.amazonaws.com/?Action=Unsubscribe&amp;SubscriptionArn=arn:aws:sns:us-west-2:123456:DS_Events:123abc-123-123-123-123abc" } Anti-Malware events Multiple virus detection events can be in each SNS Message. (For brevity, repeated event properties are omitted below, indicated by "...".) { "Type" : "Notification", "MessageId" : "123abc-123-123-123-123abc", "TopicArn" : "arn:aws:sns:us-west-2:123456789:DS_Events", "Message" : "[ { "AMTarget": "VDSO memory", "AMTargetCount": 1, "AMTargetType": 7, "AMTargetTypeString": "Memory", "ATSEDetectionLevel": 0, "BehaviorRuleId": "DIRTYCOW_MADVISE_EXPL", "BehaviorType": "Exploit_Detection", "CloudOneAccountID": "012345678900" "CommandLine": "/tmp/demo -f esiv [xxxx]", "Cve": "CVE-2016-5195", "ErrorCode": 0, "EventID": 1179519, "EventType": "AntiMalwareEvent", "FileSHA1": "CEF4644713633C0864D4283FEFA0CE174D48F115", "HostAgentGUID": "FF8162DF-4CB5-B158-DE42-EBD52967FCF7", "HostAgentVersion": "20.0.0.1685", "HostGUID": "9089E800-41D3-2CA9-FF0B-3A30A42ED650", "HostID": 38, "HostLastIPUsed": "172.31.21.47", "HostOS": "Red Hat Enterprise 7 (64 bit) (3.10.0-957.12.2.el7.x86_64)", "HostSecurityPolicyID": 11, "HostSecurityPolicyName": "Linux_AM_Sensor", "Hostname": "ec2-3-131-151-239.us-east-2.compute.amazonaws.com", "InfectedFilePath": "/tmp/demo", "LogDate": "2021-01-07T10:32:11.000Z", "MajorVirusType": 14, "MajorVirusTypeString": "Suspicious Activity", "MalwareName": "TM_MALWARE_BEHAVIOR", "MalwareType": 4, "Mitre": "T1068", "Origin": 0, "OriginString": "Agent", "PatternVersion": "1.2.1189", "Process": "testsys_m64", "Protocol": 0, "Reason": "Default Real-Time Scan Configuration", "ScanAction1": 1, "ScanAction2": 0, "ScanResultAction1": 0, "ScanResultAction2": 0, "ScanResultString": "Passed", "ScanType": 0, "ScanTypeString": "Real Time", "Tags": "", "TenantGUID": "", "TenantID": 0, "TenantName": "Primary", "UniqueID": "2e447b1889e712340f6d071cebd92ea9" "UserName": "root" } ]", "Timestamp" : "2018-12-04T15:57:50.833Z", "SignatureVersion" : "1", "Signature" : "500PER10NG5!gnaTURE==", "SigningCertURL" : "https://sns.us-west-2.amazonaws.com/SimpleNotificationService-abc123.pem", "UnsubscribeURL" : "https://sns.us-west-2.amazonaws.com/?Action=Unsubscribe&amp;SubscriptionArn=arn:aws:sns:us-west-2:123456:DS_Events:123abc-123-123-123-123abc" } © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base