---
id: ews-activity-monitoring
title: Connect Trend Cloud One - Endpoint & Workload security and enable activity monitoring
sidebar_label: Connect Trend Cloud One - Endpoint & Workload security and enable activity monitoring
description: Connect Trend Cloud One - Endpoint & Workload security and enable activity monitoring
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Connect Trend Cloud One - Endpoint & Workload security and enable activity monitoring Get Vulnerability Assessment data from your connected Endpoint & Workload Security agents by enabling Activity Monitoring. Note If you encounter any issues attempting to connect Trend Cloud One with Trend Vision One, check that you have the correct license provisioned. Contact your support provider for more information. Procedure Copy the enrollment token used in the Trend Cloud One console to identify your Trend Vision One console. In the Trend Vision One console, go to Service Management → Product Instance. Click Connect. Select Trend Cloud One. Click the Click to generate the enrollment token link. Copy the enrollment token. Use the enrollment token to integrate your Trend Cloud One environment with Trend Vision One. Open your Trend Cloud One console and click Integrations at the bottom of the screen. Click Trend Vision One™ on the navigation bar. In the Enrollment Token section, click Register enrollment token. Paste the enrollment token and click Register. Note After successful registration, Trend Cloud One - Endpoint & Workload Security automatically enables Forward activity logs to Trend Micro XDR and changes the Enrollment Status to Registered. For customers that want to allow SSO from Trend Vision One to Trend Cloud One - Endpoint & Workload Security, enable the Single Sign On from Trend Vision One toggle and click Save. In Trend Vision One Product Instance, enable the connection to Trend Cloud One - Endpoint & Workload Security. Go to Service Management → Product Instance. Click Trend Cloud One. Enable Endpoint & Workload Security. Click Save. Enable Activity Monitoring on Deep Security Agents. Go to Policies, select a policy and click Details. Go to Activity Monitoring → General. Set the Activity Monitoring State to On. Click Save. Ensure that the Cyber Risk Exposure Management app group has permission to read the vulnerability data. Go to Cyber Risk Exposure Management → Cyber Risk Overview. Click the Data source button at the top right of the screen. In the Trend Micro Security Services section, click Trend Cloud One - Endpoint & Workload Security. Verify that the Data upload permission toggle is On. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base