---
id: exchange-mailbox-gmail-assess
title: Exchange Online Mailbox/Gmail Assessment
sidebar_label: Exchange Online Mailbox/Gmail Assessment
description: Exchange Online Mailbox/Gmail Assessment
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Exchange Online Mailbox/Gmail Assessment Scan all messages sent and received in the last 15 to 30 days for all cloud mailbox users in your environment . You can always find your previous assessment reports by clicking Assessment History on the Cyber Risk Assessment screen. Procedure In the Trend Vision One console, go to Assessment → Cyber Risk Assessment. In the Exchange Online Mailbox/Gmail Assessment area, choose Office 365 or Google Workspace from Start Assessment. Run the mailbox assessment. Mailbox Type Assessment Steps Office 365 mailboxes On the Office 365 Mailboxes screen, choose to Scan all mailboxes in your organization or Scan your mailbox and click Grant Permission. Grant Cyber Risk Assessment the permission to access your mailbox(es) for scanning by clicking Accept on the Office 365 permissions page. Confirm the scope and start the assessment. Depending on the number of messages, the assessment may take between a few minutes and a few hours to complete. The service will send the results to your mailbox for review. Google Workspace mailboxes On the Google Workspace Mailboxes screen, click Install App > and install the assessment app in your organization's domain. To install the Google Workspace Marketplace app, you must sign in to your administrator account and temporarily grant Cyber Risk Assessment the permission to access your domain data. Sign in to the app with your administrator credentials. Confirm the scope and start the assessment. Depending on the number of messages, the assessment may take between a few minutes and a few hours to complete. The service will send the results to your mailbox for review. Wait until all your mailbox(es) finish the assessment. You will receive an email notification when the assessment is complete. Click the link in the notification to access the Trend Vision One console, and click View Report in the Exchange Online Mailbox/Gmail Assessment area. Check the results on the assessment report and take risk remediation actions immediately if necessary. The following table lists the actions available on the report (if applicable). Action Description Download report Download a PDF copy of the report or a CSV file containing all detection data. Start new assessment Start a new at-risk endpoint assessment, cloud mailbox assessment, phishing simulation assessment, external attack surface assessment, Cloud Risk Management assessment, identity posture assessment, or global threat assessment. Important Starting a new assessment permanently deletes collected data. Try Cloud App Security Secure email in Microsoft 365™, Gmail™, and across cloud file-sharing services like Box and Dropbox™ by provisioning Cloud App Security. For more information, see Cloud App Security Documentation. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base