---
id: external-vsphere-dist-switch-span
title: Configure external network traffic with the VMware vSphere Distributed Switch (SPAN)
sidebar_label: Configure external network traffic with the VMware vSphere Distributed Switch (SPAN)
description: Configure external network traffic with the VMware vSphere Distributed Switch (SPAN)
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Configure external network traffic with the VMware vSphere Distributed Switch (SPAN) Configure external network traffic with the VMware vSphere Distributed Switch using SPAN to allow Virtual Network Sensor to monitor data. Important The following instructions are valid as of July 2023. Note You must use a vCenter administrator account. Procedure Turn off your Virtual Network Sensor. On the VMware vCenter console, click the tab. Right-click the name of your data center, and go to Distributed Switch → New Distributed Switch.... On the Name and location screen, specify the distributed switch name and location and click NEXT. On the Select version screen, select your distributed switch version and click NEXT. On the Configure settings screen, specify the number of uplinks and click NEXT. On the Ready to complete screen, review the settings and click FINISH. Right-click the name of your switch and select Add and Manage Hosts.... On the Select task screen, select Add hosts and click NEXT. On the Select hosts screen, select your virtual machine and click NEXT. On the Manage physical adapters screen, right-click the name of your NIC and select Uplink 1. Click NEXT. On the Manage VMkernel adapters screen, click NEXT. On the Migrate VM networking screen, click NEXT. On the Ready to complete screen, click FINISH. Click the name of your switch and then click the Networks tab. Right-click the name of your port group and select Edit Settings.... Click Security, select Accept for promiscuous mode, and click OK. Click the tab and then click the name of your virtual appliance. Click . On the Edit Settings screen, click Network adapter 2 and select Browse.... Click the name of your port group and click OK. Click OK. Turn on your Virtual Network Sensor. After configuring your network settings, access the Virtual Network Sensor console and use the command show traffic to verify the Virtual Network Sensor is receiving traffic. For more information about troubleshooting, see Virtual Network Sensor FAQ and Virtual Network Sensor CLI commands. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base