---
id: external-traffic-hyper-v-host
title: Configure external network traffic on Hyper-V host
sidebar_label: Configure external network traffic on Hyper-V host
description: Configure external network traffic on Hyper-V host
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Configure external network traffic on Hyper-V host Configure external network traffic to allow Virtual Network Sensor to monitor data. Procedure On the host machine, access the Hyper-V Manager. Verify the virtual switch connecting to the Virtual Network Sensor data port has the connection type set to External network. Set the Virtual Network Sensor as the traffic mirror target. Right-click the Virtual Network Sensor virtual machine, and select Settings... In the settings window, use the navigation bar to go to Network Adapter (Data Switch) → Advanced Features. Under the Port mirroring section, set Mirroring mode to Destination. Click Apply, then click OK. Access PowerShell. Use the following commands to configure the monitor mode of the data port. The example code uses Data Switch as the name of the switch the data port connects to. $DataSwitch = "Data Switch" $extFeature = Get-VMSystemSwitchExtensionPortFeature -FeatureName "Ethernet Switch Port Security Settings" $extFeature.SettingData.MonitorMode = 2 Add-VMSwitchExtensionPortFeature -ExternalPort -SwitchName $DataSwitch -VMSwitchExtensionFeature $extFeature Use the following commands to configure the VM VLAN mode of the data port. These commands are used to set the VLAN ID to be mirrored. The example code uses VirtualNetworkSensor_0101 as the target VLAN to mirror traffic from. $DataSwitch is the name of the switch the data port connects to. $VMName = "VirtualNetworkSensor_0101" $DataSwitch = "Data Switch" Get-VMNetworkAdapter -VMName $VMName | ? SwitchName -eq "$DataSwitch" | % { Set-VMNetworkAdapterVlan -VMNetworkAdapter $_ -Trunk -AllowedVlanIdList 1-4094 -NativeVlanId 0 } After configuring your network settings, access the Virtual Network Sensor console and use the command show traffic to verify the Virtual Network Sensor is receiving traffic. For more information about troubleshooting, see Virtual Network Sensor FAQ and Virtual Network Sensor CLI commands. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base