---
id: faqs-cloud-posture-intro
title: Cloud Security Posture FAQs
sidebar_label: Cloud Security Posture FAQs
description: Cloud Security Posture FAQs
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Cloud Security Posture FAQs Get answers to frequently asked support questions for Cloud Security Posture. Related information Cloud Risk Management FAQs Cloud Risk Management FAQs How do I manage rule failures related to Agentless Vulnerability & Threat Detection for GCP? The Agentless Vulnerability & Threat Detection (AVTD) for GCP feature has undergone thorough testing including security and performance in order to meet cloud configuration best practices. The following rules findings have been reviewed by Trend Micro team and can be safely ignored: CloudVPC-006: Ensure that Cloud DNS logging is enabled for all VPC networks: AVTD securely deploys a VPC network. Cloud DNS logging is not required for monitoring. CloudVPC-003: Enable VPC Flow Logs for VPC Subnets: AVTD securely deploys VPC subnets network . VPC Flow Logs is not required for monitoring. CloudStorage-005: Define index page suffix and error page for the bucket website configuration: The cloud storage is not intended for website hosting where website configuration is not applicable. CloudStorage-003: Configure Retention Policies with Bucket Lock: AVTD sets retention policy for the cloud storage. Not enforcing the bucket lock feature to allow flexibility to adjust the policy. What to do next? To prevent failures for the rule CloudVPC-003 from affecting compliance of your cloud accounts, exclude AVTD resources from the rules above, you can create a rule exception using the resource ID to exclude the resources from the rules. CloudVPC-003: Create a rule exception using the resource ID reported in the failed result. CloudStorage-005, CloudStorage-003: Create a rule exception using tag the trend-micro-product::avtd. Alternatively, you can create and apply an exception profile: Create a profile. Configure the new profile with rule exceptions. Apply the rule changes to affected accounts. Merge the profile with the affected accounts to apply the rule exceptions. Merge and prioritize profile settings. Merge and prioritize existing account settings. Exclusions are not supported for the rule CloudVPC-006, therefore we recomment that you apply a permanent rule suppression to prevent it from affecting the compliance score of your cloud accounts. What are the potential rule failures related to Agentless Vulnerability and Threat Detection? The new Guided Exclusions feature is automatically enabled by default to exclude AVTD resources and prevent failures from affecting the compliance and risk scores for your cloud accounts. For more information including disabling the exclusions, see: Managing preferences. Potential Rule Findings for Excluded Resources The following potential rule findings have been reviewed by Trend Micro team. When context of these resources is taken into account, these findings are not applicable and can be safely ignored: The new Guided Exclusions feature is automatically enabled by default to exclude AVTD resources and prevent failures from affecting the compliance and risk scores for your cloud accounts. For more information including disabling the exclusions, see: Managing preferences. Potential Rule Findings for Excluded Resources The following potential rule findings have been reviewed by Trend Micro team. When context of these resources is taken into account, these findings are not applicable and can be safely ignored: Lambda-009: Enable Encryption at Rest for Environment Variables using Customer Managed Keys: AVTD resources are securely encrypted with default keys. In addition, the environment variables do not contain any secrets, so adding additional encryption using customer-managed keys is not required. SecretsManager-001: Secret Encrypted With KMS Customer Master Keys: AVTD resources are securely encrypted with default keys so adding additional encryption using customer-managed keys is not required. Lambda-001: Lambda Using Latest Runtime Environment: AVTD ensures that all our Lambdas use a Supported Runtime Environment with no End Of Life date. All supported runtime environments receive frequent security updates from AWS. Lambda-003: Lambda Tracing Enabled : AVTD ensures that this feature is throughly tested before the release hence this additional visibility via Enabling Tracing is not required. SecretsManager-002:Secret Rotation Enabled AVTD uses its own secrets feature instead of the one provided by AWS hence enabling the AWS provided Secret Rotation feature is not required. SecretsManager-003: Secret Rotation Interval AVTD uses its own secrets feature instead of the one provided by AWS hence enabling the AWS provided Secret Rotation feature is not required. S3-024: S3 Transfer Acceleration: The AVTD feature does not use the transfer acceleration feature. Lambda-006: Using an IAM Role For More Than One Lambda Function: AVTD employs a strategy called "permission planes” where Lambda functions that require identical permissions use a single IAM role. This ensures both efficiency and manageability when deploying to multiple regions e.g. reduction of the number of IAM roles used in a customer’s cloud account Lambda-007:VPC Access for AWS Lambda Functions: AVTD does not utilize resources like Redshift, ElastiCache, and RDS which may require a VPC implementation. CFM-001: CloudFormation Stack Notification: AVTD Cloudformation stack is already managed via V1 CAM instead AWS. CFM-002: CloudFormation Stack Policy: AVTD Cloudformation stack is already managed via V1 CAM instead AWS. CFM-005:CloudFormation Stack Termination Protection: In order to give customers control of the stacks in their environment, AVTD does allow users to deactivate and remove the stack from their account S3-025: S3 Buckets Encrypted with Customer Provided Keys CMKs: AVTD is already encrypted using S3-Managed Keys. SQS-006:SQS Dead Letter Queue: AVTD implements Dead Letter Queue (DLQ) in some of its SQS resources where applicable. S3-013: S3 Bucket MFA Delete Enabled: Objects stored in AVTD S3s are Objects are relatively short-lived hence enabling MFA Delete protection for accidental deletion is not required S3-023: Object Lock: Objects stored in AVTD S3s are relatively short-lived and hence Object lock for accidental deletion is not required. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base