---
id: features-endpoint-security-2-0
title: Feature differences between Trend Vision One Endpoint Security and Endpoint Inventory 2.0
sidebar_label: Feature differences between Trend Vision One Endpoint Security and Endpoint Inventory 2.0
description: Feature differences between Trend Vision One Endpoint Security and Endpoint Inventory 2.0
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Feature differences between Trend Vision One Endpoint Security and Endpoint Inventory 2.0 Review some of the feature differences when updating your Endpoint Inventory app to Trend Vision One Endpoint Security. There are a few key differences in available features between Trend Vision One Endpoint Security and Endpoint Inventory 2.0. Refer to the table below to see how some features are affected when updating to the new Trend Vision One Endpoint Security. For full details on the features and capabilities of the new Trend Vision One Endpoint Security app, see Endpoint Inventory. Feature Description Endpoint Groups in Endpoint Inventory The Endpoint Groups feature has been removed for Trend Vision One Endpoint Security. Use the expanded Add filters button to locate the endpoints you want to manage. Endpoints managed by Standard Endpoint Protection and Server & Workload Protection can be added to endpoint groups within their respective Protection Managers and Group Managers. Add filters The Add filters feature has been greatly expanded, allowing you to filter the list view by a range of parameters including policies, statuses, operating systems, and more. Quick filters for available actions Trend Vision One Endpoint Security includes a set of Available Actions quick filters, allowing you to quickly view endpoints which may require your attention. General sensor settings Define sensor settings which are applied to any new endpoint agent deployments. Endpoint agent packages Download endpoint agent packages for every agent type directly from the Endpoint Inventory screen, as well as the Image Setup Tool for virtual desktop support. Customizable table columns You can customize the data displayed on the Endpoint Inventory table by selecting which columns to show or hide. Generate reports Export the current table view with your applied filters to a CSV file, or use a report template to create recurring reports. Response actions Perform response tasks on selected endpoints with the sensor enabled. Isolate Endpoint Run Remote Custom Script Run Remote Shell © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base