---
id: file-security-intro-origin
title: File Security
sidebar_label: File Security
description: File Security
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 File Security Trend Vision One™ File Security overview Trend Vision One - File Security is a scanning app for files and cloud storage. It can detect all types of malicious software (malware) including trojans, ransomware, spyware, and more. Based on fragments of previously seen malware, File Security can detect obfuscated or polymorphic variants of malware. Choose the feature or combination that best suits your organizational needs: File Security features File Security Storage File Security SDK File Security Virtual Appliance File Security Containerized Scanner Limited solely to cloud storage applications. Allows for file-scanning anywhere; not just storage applications. Allows for file scanning anywhere, not just in storage applications. The scanner component is deployed as a virtual appliance in the user’s environment. Allows for file scanning anywhere, not just in storage applications. The scanner component is deployed as a virtual appliance in a Kubernetes cluster in the user’s environment. Valuable for organizations without a robust development team. Intended for teams with experience programming using an SDK. Valuable for organizations without a robust development team by using the connector component, but requires experience programming using an SDK. Intended for teams with experience programming using a Kubernetes cluster and an SDK. The storage stack is easy to deploy, requiring just a few clicks and no more than about ten minutes. Requires more coding to deploy in addition to stronger cloud architect and developer teams to implement automation. For users who prefer to manage and host the scanner as a virtual appliance in their private environment. For users who prefer to manage and host the scanner as a virtual appliance in their private environment. Requires more coding to deploy in addition to stronger cloud architect and developer teams to implement. For further details, see What is File Security? Like other apps in Trend Vision One, File Security requires credit allocation for access to the complete feature. Click Credits & Pay-As-You-Go to see credits allocated to File Security. Click to manage credit settings for File Security. File Security has two main tabs which each display distinct information to help you monitor scanning: Inventory: Storage and files available for scanning. Scan Activity: Data about scans for a selected period. Related information What is File Security? File Security Storage File Security SDK File Security Virtual Appliance File Security Containerized Scanner File Security FAQs Troubleshoot File Security © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base