---
id: file-attributes-ztsa
title: File attributes
sidebar_label: File attributes
description: File attributes
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ File attributes Use file attributes in conjunction with other identifiers to detect sensitive files. File attributes are specific properties of a file. You can use two file attributes when defining data identifiers, namely, file type and file size. For example, a software development company may want to limit the sharing of the company's software installer to the R&D department, whose members are responsible for the development and testing of the software. In this case, the Trend Vision One administrator can create a policy that blocks the transmission of executable files that are 10 to 40 MB in size to all departments except R&D. By themselves, file attributes are poor identifiers of sensitive files. Continuing the example in this topic, third-party software installers shared by other departments will most likely be blocked. Trend Micro therefore recommends combining file attributes with other DLP data identifiers for a more targeted detection of sensitive files. For a complete list of supported file types, see the Data Protection Lists document at: http://docs.trendmicro.com/en-us/enterprise/data-protection-reference-documents.aspx The following table outlines the actions available on the File Attributes tab. Action Description Add a custom file attribute list Click Add and follow the instructions to add a custom file attribute list. For more information, see Adding a custom file attribute list. Manage file attribute lists Click to change the settings of a custom file attribute list. Click to view the settings of the predefined file attribute list. Click to duplicate a file attribute list. This provides a convenient way of adding a new custom file attribute list with settings similar to an existing file attribute list. Click to delete a custom file attribute list from Trend Vision One. To delete more than one custom file attribute list, select the lists and click Delete in the upper left. Note Only a custom file attribute list that is not in use by any DLP template can be deleted. Export file attribute lists Click Export All to export all predefined and custom file attribute lists to a XML file to your local machine. Import custom file attribute lists Click Import to add custom file attribute lists to Trend Vision One if you have a properly-formatted XML file containing the lists. You can generate the file by exporting the lists from the Trend Vision One console. Related information Predefined file attributes list Adding a custom file attribute list © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base