---
id: filter-action-table-apex-central
title: Filter Action Result Mapping Table
sidebar_label: Filter Action Result Mapping Table
description: Filter Action Result Mapping Table
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Filter Action Result Mapping Table Value Description 0 Unknown 1 N/A 21 File cleaned 22 File deleted 23 File quarantined 24 File renamed 25 File passed 26 Unable to clean file. Passed 27 Unable to clean file. Deleted 28 Unable to clean file. Renamed 29 Unable to clean file. Quarantined 30 File stripped 31 Unable to clean file. Stripped 32 File replaced 33 File dropped 34 File archived 35 File blocked successfully 36 File quarantined successfully 37 File stamped successfully 38 File uploaded 39 Unable to clean file. Quarantined 40 Unable to clean file. Passed 41 Access denied 42 No action 43 Reboot system successfully 44 Spyware/Grayware unsafe to clean 45 Stop scan manually successfully 46 Redirect Mail for Approval successfully 81 Encrypted 121 Unable to clean file 122 Unable to delete file 123 Unable to quarantine file 124 Unable to rename file 125 Unable to pass file 126 Unable to clean or pass file 127 Unable to clean or delete file 128 Unable to clean or rename file 129 Unable to clean or quarantine file 130 Unable to strip file 131 Unable to clean or strip file 132 Unable to replace file 133 Unable to drop file 134 Unable to archive file 135 Unable to block file 136 Unable to quarantine file 137 Unable to stamp file 138 Unable to upload file 139 Unable to clean or quarantine file 140 Unable to clean or pass file 141 Unable to deny access 142 Unable to perform action 143 Action required - Restart the endpoint to finish cleaning the security threat 145 Unable to stop scan manually 146 Unable to Redirect Mail for Approval 201 Action required - Perform a full system scan 202 Action required - Use the "Rescue Disk" tool in the Apex One ToolBox to remove this threat. If the problem persists, contact Support 203 Action required - Use the "Rootkit Buster" tool in the Apex One ToolBox to remove this threat. If the problem persists, contact Support 204 Action required - Use the "Clean Boot" tool in the Apex One ToolBox to remove this threat. If the problem persists, contact Support © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base