---
id: framework-details-screen
title: Framework details screen
sidebar_label: Framework details screen
description: Framework details screen
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Framework details screen Learn more about compliance summary and analysis results for the selected framework or standard. The following table outlines the actions available in the Framework details tab. Action Description Check your organization's security configurations against your selected frameworks and standards Click Check configurations to perform a manual check. Select frameworks and standards Click Frameworks and standards to select the compliance frameworks and standards that your organization uses. View asset group pass rates for your endpoint assets Click View asset group pass rates to display the pass rates for your tagged endpoints. For more information, see Create asset groups and assign asset tags. View your pass rate for each control family in the selected framework Click any pass or fail number to view more details. Create CSV reports of your compliance analysis for selected frameworks in the Reports app Click Manage reports and select a framework or standard to generate a CSV report. The following table outlines the actions available in the Compliance Analysis tab. Action Description Check your organization's security configurations against your selected frameworks and standards Click Check configurations to perform a manual check. Select frameworks and standards Click Frameworks and standards to select the compliance frameworks and standards that your organization uses. Filter the displayed table analysis results Click Add filter to filter the results displayed in the table by asset group, assignment status, control family, control name, product, and security layer. View analysis details for each control Click to view compliance analysis details for each control by security layer. Create CSV reports of your compliance analysis for selected frameworks in the Reports app Click Manage reports and select a framework or standard to generate a CSV report. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base