---
id: generating-bimi-record
title: Generating a BIMI record and Implementing BIMI
sidebar_label: Generating a BIMI record and Implementing BIMI
description: Generating a BIMI record and Implementing BIMI
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Generating a BIMI record and Implementing BIMI Use the BIMI setup wizard to generate a BIMI record and ensure your BIMI implementation works properly. BIMI only works when the DMARC policy for the domain and the organizational domain (if different) is at enforcement. Before implementing, make sure you have completed the following: Prerequisite Description Implement DMARC authentication on all your emails Emails must pass DMARC validation checks. The policies for the domain and the organizational domain (if different) must be set to either Quarantine with a policy percentage of 100 or Reject. Produce an SVG Tiny PS version of your official logo The file must be a valid SVG or SVGZ file. The file cannot be larger than 32 KB. The file must be validated against the Scalable Vector Graphics (SVG) Tiny PS Specification For more requirements, see BIMI documentation at https://bimigroup.org/. (Optional, but highly recommended) Acquire a Verified Mark Certificate (VMC) for your logo The VMC must be valid and not expired. The VMC Mark Type must be supported. The VMC must include the Extended Key Usage. The SAN dNSName domain name in the VMC must match that in the BIMI record. The VMC's certificate chain must be validated using the Root Certificate from the accepted Mark Verifying Authorities: Entrust DataCard or DigiCert Experimental VMC elements not accepted. The SVG content in the VMC must match that in the BIMI record. For more requirements, see BIMI documentation at https://bimigroup.org/. Procedure Go to Outbound Protection → Domain-based Authentication → Domain-based Message Authentication, Reporting and Conformance (DMARC) Monitoring. Go to DMARC Record Check. View the status of BIMI for the domain, and then click Enabled or Disabled to open the BIMI setup wizard. Check whether a DMARC record has been published in DNS for the domain or whether the DMARC policy for the domain and the organizational domain (if different) is enforced. If not, generate a DMARC record or update the current DMARC record, and then publish it in DNS. Updating the DMARC or BIMI setup takes some time. You can click Refresh to get the latest status. Check whether a BIMI record has been published in DNS for the domain or whether the published BIMI record is invalid. If not, click the hyperlink to open the BIMI record generator screen. Specify the URLs to your SVG image and VMC certificate, and click Generate and Preview. Cloud Email Gateway Protection uses the default selector to generate and validate the BIMI record in DNS. Click Generate and Preview. Cloud Email Gateway Protection generates a BIMI record based on your settings and displays it in the BIMI Record area. Example record: v=BIMI1; l=https://example.com/logo.svg; a=https://example.com/cert.pem v=BIMI1: This is version 1 of the BIMI specification. This tag is automatically added during the record generation. l=https://example.com/logo.svg: The secure URL of where your SVG image is hosted. a=https://trendmicro.com/cert.pem: The secure URL of where your VMC certificate is hosted. View the details or possible errors about the provided SVG image and VMC certificate in the Preview area. If the BIMI record is generated successfully without any SVG image or VMC errors, copy the record and publish it as a TXT record at the subdomain of default._bimi.example.com in DNS. When a mailbox provider receives an email, it first authenticates the message. If the authentication is successful, the provider checks the DNS for a corresponding BIMI record. An email receiver wishing to query for BIMI policy regarding emails with example.com and a selector default would query the TXT record located at the subdomain of default._bimi.example.com. If a BIMI record is found, the provider can display your brand's logo alongside the email in the inbox. You can track the effects of your BIMI implementation to know whether the clicks and open rates of your emails have been increased. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base