---
id: get-started-risk-subindexes
title: Get started with cyber risk subindexes
sidebar_label: Get started with cyber risk subindexes
description: Get started with cyber risk subindexes
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Get started with cyber risk subindexes View the cyber risk subindexes of your defined asset groups to help visualize and prioritize risk in specific areas of your organization. Important This is a "Pre-release" feature and is not considered an official release. Please review the Pre-release disclaimer before using the feature. While the Cyber Risk Index gives you a numerical representation of risk across your entire organization, cyber risk subindexes allow you to see the risks of specific asset groups. Cyber risk subindexes are based on the total risk of all assets assigned to an asset group. Use cyber risk subindexes to monitor assets in specific business units, regions, information systems, and more. To view cyber risk subindexes, you must first define your organization's structure in Asset Group Management. Procedure In the Trend Vision One console, go to Service Management → Asset Group Management. Define the structure of your organization by creating specific asset groups and assigning a unique tag value to each group. To learn more, see Asset Group Management. Go to Cyber Risk Exposure Management → Attack Surface Discovery to assign the newly created asset group tags to assets. For more information on how to assign, modify, or remove tags, see Custom asset tags.The tagged assets are now included in the corresponding asset groups and begin contributing to the cyber risk subindex of the asset groups. Cyber risk subindexes may take up to 4 hours to calculate and display. To view your organization's cyber risk subindexes, go to Cyber Risk Exposure Management → Cyber Risk Overview and click Cyber Risk Subindexes in the Risk Overview tab.If you wish to add or remove assets from a particular asset group, you may click Manage asset groups to go to Asset Group Management. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base