---
id: getting-started-security-awareness
title: Get started with training campaigns
sidebar_label: Get started with training campaigns
description: Get started with training campaigns
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Get started with training campaigns Create a training campaign to educate your users on cyber threats. Important Training campaigns are only available after you upgrade your pricing package to Cyber Risk Exposure Management - Essentials. Procedure On the Trend Vision One console, go to Cyber Risk Exposure Management → Training Campaigns. Click Create Training Campaign. Configure your campaign and select a training program. In the Campaign name field, enter a name for your campaign. Choose a training program for the campaign. Click Select Training Program. Select the training program you want to use for the campaign. There are currently over 100 video training programs and over 150 interactive training programs available in the following languages: English Italian Hindi Traditional Chinese Portuguese Polish French Spanish Hebrew German Japanese You can select as many training programs as your organization needs to create a comprehensive training campaign. Click Save. Click Next. Select training participants. In the Participant List section, select the users to participate in the training. Click Add to Training Campaign. When you are done adding participants, click Next. You may add up to 200 participants. Set up invitations for the training campaign. In the End time field, set the time and date for the training campaign to conclude. To preview the invitation message for participants, click Preview. Tip To customize the content of the invitation message, click Edit in the preview. Click Next. Set up reminders for the training campaign. To remind participants to complete the training before the end date, enable reminders. In the Send Reminders section, set Status to enabled. To preview the reminder message for participants, click Preview. Tip To customize the content of the reminder, click Edit in the preview. To schedule more than one reminder, click add (+) to add and configure additional reminders. To notify participants after the training is completed, enable the completion notification. In the Send Completion Notification section, set Status to enabled. To preview the completion notification for participants, click Preview. Tip To customize the content of the notification, click Edit in the preview. After you have configured the training campaign, click Finish. Related information Edit training campaign notification templates © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base