---
id: getting-started-mobile-security
title: Get started with Mobile Security
sidebar_label: Get started with Mobile Security
description: Get started with Mobile Security
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Get started with Mobile Security Complete the initial setup to start using Mobile Security. Before using the features of Mobile Security, you need to establish initial configuration and enroll devices using the Trend Vision One console. Procedure Determine whether your organization is currently utilizing a supported Mobile Device Management (MDM) solution for managing mobile devices. If yes, enhance the device security management by integrating Mobile Security with your existing MDM solution. This allows Mobile Security to discover MDM-enrolled devices and deploy the Mobile Security for Business to them. Microsoft Endpoint Manager (Intune) integration VMware Workspace ONE UEM integration Google Workspace integration Integration with other MDMs through managed configuration If no, simplify and consolidate device management and security protection into a single solution by implementing Mobile Device Director. For details, see Mobile Device Director setup. If no and you want to utilize only the security protection functions in Mobile Security, integrate with Microsoft Entra ID. Be aware that this will bypass some advanced security features, with no change in the credits required per device. For details, see Microsoft Entra ID integration. Install the Mobile Security for Business app on supported devices. For supported MDM solutions, send device assignments. Note Skip this step in the following scenarios because the app has been deployed to users' devices during the integration with the MDM. When your MDM is integrated through managed configuration When you use Google Workspace and need to enroll Android and iOS/iPadOS devices The users get the Mobile Security for Business app deployed automatically on their devices by utilizing the app management capabilities within the MDM solution. For Mobile Device Director, send enrollment invitations to users. The users get the Mobile Security for Business app deployed automatically on their devices when they manually enroll through scanning the enrollment QR code. For Microsoft Entra ID, send enrollment invitations to users. The users manually download and install the Mobile Security for Business app from App Store or Google Play Store. Important Once the Mobile Security for Business app is deployed successfully, credits are automatically allocated to Mobile Security. The required number of credits per device remains consistent regardless of the deployment method selected. Learn more about Trend Vision One credits Set up mobile compliance policies and mobile security policies to protect enrolled devices. Note Mobile compliance policies referenced in this document are specific to the features offered by Mobile Device Director, and do not apply to device compliance within the integrated MDM solution. If you choose to integrate with your MDM solution, you will not be able to establish Mobile compliance policies in Mobile Security. Instead, utilize device compliance management provided by the MDM solution. Mobile security policies are consistently available across all deployment methods, despite slight differences. Check the Mobile Security for Business app status to ensure that all devices are up-to-date. Related information Mobile Security device platform features System requirements Resource consumption Microsoft Endpoint Manager (Intune) integration VMware Workspace ONE UEM integration Google Workspace integration Integration with other MDMs through managed configuration Mobile Device Director setup Microsoft Entra ID integration Change the Mobile Security deployment method Enable Zero Trust Secure Access on managed mobile devices © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base