---
id: google-cloud-features-permissions
title: Google Cloud features and permissions
sidebar_label: Google Cloud features and permissions
description: Google Cloud features and permissions
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Google Cloud features and permissions Connect your project to enable cloud security features and give Trend Vision One greater visibility and protection over your cloud assets. Connecting your Google Cloud project allows various Trend Vision One apps and security features to access your cloud assets and gain greater visibility over assets and monitor for potential threats. Each feature and permission is described in the table below. Important Some features support a limited number of Google Cloud regions. For more information, see Google Cloud supported regions and limitations. Feature Description Core Features and Cyber Risk Exposure Management The core set of features and permissions required to connect your Google Cloud project Core features enable you to connect your Google Cloud project to Trend Vision One to discover your cloud assets and rapidly identify risks such as compliance and security best practice violations on your cloud infrastructure. The core features enable the following Trend Vision One apps and features to monitor your cloud environment: Cyber Risk Exposure Management → Attack Surface Discovery → Cloud Assets For more information, see Cloud assets. Cyber Risk Exposure Management → Attack Surface Discovery → APIs For more information, see APIs. Cyber Risk Exposure Management → Cloud Risk Management For more information, see Cloud Security Posture. Agentless Vulnerability & Threat Detection The feature and permission set to enable Cyber Risk Exposure Management (CREM) capabilities for your account This feature set allows Trend Vision One to deploy Agentless Vulnerability & Threat Detection in your Google Cloud project to discover vulnerabilities and malware in your Google Cloud VM instances, Disk, and Google Artifact Registry images with zero impact to your applications. To learn more, see Agentless Vulnerability & Threat Detection. Real-Time Posture Monitoring This feature allows Trend Vision One to monitor your cloud account to provide live monitoring with instant threat and remediation alerts for activities and events within your cloud environment. For more information, see Real-Time Posture Monitoring. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base