---
id: granting-access-google-drive
title: Granting access to Google Drive
sidebar_label: Granting access to Google Drive
description: Granting access to Google Drive
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Granting access to Google Drive Grant Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection access to Google Drive to allow Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection to run advanced threat protection and data loss prevention scanning on files in Google Drive. Note Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection scans files in both users' My Drive and the shared drives. The steps outlined below detail how to grant access to Google Drive from Dashboard. Procedure Go to Dashboard → Service Status. Click Grant access in the Action column for Google Drive. The Grant Access to Google Drive screen appears. Click Click here in Step 1. On the Trend Micro Cloud App Security application screen in the Google Workspace Marketplace that appears, click INSTALL. A new window appears for you to sign in to Google. Specify your Google Super Admin credentials, and click Next and then CONTINUE. An authorization screen appears. Select I agree to the application's Terms of Service and Google Workspace Marketplace Terms of Service and click Accept to start installation. The application is successfully installed. Go back to the Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection management console and click Confirm Installation. Select the policy to enable automatically when the access grant is complete. Click Grant Permission. In the new window that appears, click your Google Super Admin account. On the authorization screen, click Allow. Wait until the process is completed. Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection then synchronizes your Google Drive user and organization unit information, including the user ID, user name, user email address, organization unit ID, and organization unit name. The time required depends on how many users and organization units you have in Google Drive. Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection generates a quarantine folder (trendmicro_cas_quarantine__dont_change_or_delete) and a temporary folder (trendmicro_cas_temp__dont_change_or_delete) in the Google Drive administrator's root directory. The quarantine folder can be accessed only by the administrator, while the temporary folder can be edited by all users. Note Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection renames the files in the quarantine folder. Each file is prefixed with RANDOM_UUID, which is a unique string randomly generated by Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection. For example, some_file.doc will be renamed ecdd6cc3-58d4-42a4-831a-e39bcbc1c8d5_some_file.doc. The temporary folder stores quarantined files before they are moved to the quarantine folder and restored files before they are moved back to their original locations. To avoid unnecessary notifications, instruct all users to exclude the temporary folder (trendmicro_cas_temp__dont_change_or_delete) from the synchronization list by performing the following steps: Locate and click the Google Drive tray icon on your desktop. Click Settings and choose Preferences. Click the Sync options tab and click Sync only these folders. Clear the check box of the temporary folder (trendmicro_cas_temp__dont_change_or_delete) in the box below. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base