---
id: granting-access-box
title: Granting access to Box
sidebar_label: Granting access to Box
description: Granting access to Box
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Granting access to Box Grant Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection access to Box to allow Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection to run advanced threat protection and data loss prevention scanning on files, including Box Notes, in Box. The steps outlined below detail how to grant access to Box from Dashboard. Note Do not grant access to Box using the co-admin role because Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection needs to impersonate all users to take the "Quarantine" action but Box co-admins cannot impersonate any admin or co-admin role. Procedure Go to Dashboard → Service Status. Click Grant Access in the Action column for Box. The Grant Access to Box screen appears. Select the policy to enable automatically when the access grant is complete. Click Grant Permission. Specify your Box Admin credentials and click Authorize. The Box authorization screen appears. Click Grant access to Box. Wait until the process is completed. Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection then synchronizes your Box user and group information, including the user ID, user name, user email address, group ID, and group name. The time required depends on how many users and groups you have in Box. Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection generates a quarantine folder (trendmicro_cas_quarantine__dont_change_or_delete) and a temporary folder (trendmicro_cas_temp__dont_change_or_delete) in the Box administrator's root directory. It also creates a group (trendmicro_cas_temp__dont_change_or_delete) for temporary folder management. The quarantine folder can be accessed only by the administrator, while the temporary folder can be edited only by users belonging to the group. When the storage space for the quarantine folder is full, Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection will send a notification email to the mailbox of the CLP or LMP account. Note Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection renames the files in the quarantine folder. Each file is prefixed with RANDOM_UUID, which is a unique string randomly generated by Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection. For example, some_file.doc will be renamed ecdd6cc3-58d4-42a4-831a-e39bcbc1c8d5_some_file.doc. The temporary folder stores quarantined files before they are moved to the quarantine folder and restored files before they are moved back to their original locations. Add the Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection application for all of your users. Visit https://app.box.com/master/settings. Click Apps on the menu bar. In the Individual Application Controls section, search for the application named Cloud App Security. For the Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection application, select Enforce event notifications settings on all users and click Added by default. A user is protected only when the user has added Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection, and will not be protected once the user removes the application. Disable email notifications for the temporary folder (trendmicro_cas_temp__dont_change_or_delete) for all users. Click My Account on the top header bar. Find the temporary folder (trendmicro_cas_temp__dont_change_or_delete), click the menu icon on the right side, and select Settings. The Settings screen appears. Under Email and Notifications, click Override default settings for this folder and all subfolders and select Disable all email notifications for all collaborators. Users will no longer receive email notifications for the temporary folder. Note If you do not perform this step, all users will be notified every time the temporary folder changes. Next steps If for some reason the access token becomes invalid, a notification appears on Dashboard. Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection also sends an email message to notify the administrator of this event. To continue using the service account, go to Administration → Service Account to create a new access token. For more information, see Service account. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base