---
id: granting-access-dropbox
title: Granting access to Dropbox
sidebar_label: Granting access to Dropbox
description: Granting access to Dropbox
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Granting access to Dropbox Grant Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection access to Dropbox to allow Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection to run advanced threat protection and data loss prevention scanning on files in Dropbox. The steps outlined below detail how to grant access to Dropbox from Dashboard. Procedure Go to Dashboard → Service Status. Click Grant Access in the Action column for Dropbox. The Grant Access to Dropbox screen appears. Select the policy to enable automatically when the access grant is complete. Click Grant Permission. Specify your Dropbox Team Admin credentials and click Sign in. The Dropbox authorization screen appears. Click Allow. Wait until the process is completed. Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection then synchronizes your Dropbox user and group information, including the user ID, user name, user email address, group ID, and group name. The time required depends on how many users and groups you have in Dropbox. Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection generates a quarantine folder (trendmicro_cas_quarantine__dont_change_or_delete) and a temporary folder (trendmicro_cas_temp__dont_change_or_delete) in the Dropbox administrator's root directory. The quarantine folder can be accessed only by the administrator, while the temporary folder can be edited by all users. Note Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection renames the files in the quarantine folder. Each file is prefixed with RANDOM_UUID, which is a unique string randomly generated by Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection. For example, some_file.doc will be renamed ecdd6cc3-58d4-42a4-831a-e39bcbc1c8d5_some_file.doc. The temporary folder stores quarantined files before they are moved to the quarantine folder and restored files before they are moved back to their original locations. To avoid unnecessary notifications, instruct all users to exclude the temporary folder (trendmicro_cas_temp__dont_change_or_delete) from their synchronization list by performing the following steps. Locate and click the Dropbox tray icon on your desktop. Click the settings icon and choose Preferences. Click the Account tab and click Selective Sync. Clear the check box of the temporary folder (trendmicro_cas_temp__dont_change_or_delete). © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base