---
id: granting-permissions-data
title: Grant permissions on Microsoft Entra ID data
sidebar_label: Grant permissions on Microsoft Entra ID data
description: Grant permissions on Microsoft Entra ID data
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Grant permissions on Microsoft Entra ID data Grant Trend Micro permission to access your Microsoft Entra ID data. Procedure On the Trend Vision One console, access the Microsoft Entra ID integration configuration screen. If this is the first time you set up Mobile Security, go to Mobile Security → Mobile Inventory to display the Mobile Security landing page. Under I don’t have an MDM solution, click Set Up Mobile Security. On the screen that appears, click Use mobile security functions only at the bottom. If you have already set up an MDM integration or Mobile Device Director, go to Mobile Security → Mobile Inventory, click the settings icon (), and click Add MDM Solution. Under I don’t have an MDM solution, choose Select an MDM solution → Microsoft Entra ID. Go to Workflow and Automation → Third-Party Integration, and click Microsoft Entra ID in the integration list. In the Status column, locate the Microsoft Entra ID tenant that you want to grant permissions on, and then click Grant permissions for the Mobile Security app. Sign in to Microsoft Entra ID with an administrator account that manages the Microsoft Entra ID tenant. Review the permissions required and click Accept. When permissions are successfully granted, the tenant name appears in User Configuration. Mobile Security can access your Microsoft Entra ID data in the target tenant and send device enrollment invitations to the end users. Mobile Security can access your Microsoft Entra ID data in one tenant only. To allow Mobile Security to access Microsoft Entra ID data in another tenant, block permissions on the current tenant and grant permissions on a new tenant in the Microsoft Entra ID section of the Third-Party Integration app. Click Go back to Mobile Security. Mobile Security can access your Microsoft Entra ID data in the target tenant and send device enrollment invitations to the end users. Note Mobile Security can access your Microsoft Entra ID data in one tenant only. To allow Mobile Security to access Microsoft Entra ID data in another tenant, block permissions on the current tenant and grant permissions on a new tenant in the Microsoft Entra ID screen of the Third-Party Integration app. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base