---
id: granting-access-gmail-cloud-apps
title: Granting access to Gmail
sidebar_label: Granting access to Gmail
description: Granting access to Gmail
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Granting access to Gmail Grant Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection access to Gmail to allow Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection to run advanced threat protection and data loss prevention scanning on email messages in protected Gmail mailboxes. The steps outlined below detail how to grant access to Gmail from Dashboard. Procedure Go to Dashboard → Service Status. Click Grant Access in the Action column for Gmail. The Grant Access to Gmail screen appears. Click Click here in Step 1. The Trend Micro Cloud App Security application screen in the Google Workspace Marketplace appears. Condition Steps The Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection application is not installed. Click Admin install. A new window appears for you to sign in to Google. Specify your Google Super Admin credentials, and click Next and then CONTINUE. An authorization screen appears. Choose who to install the app for. Everyone at your organization (recommended) Certain groups or organizational units Note If you select this option, make sure the selected groups or organizational units include the Google Super Admin account to be used for access grant in step 6. Select I agree to the application's Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Google Workspace Marketplace's Terms of Service and click Finish to start installation. The application is successfully installed. The Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection application is already installed. Log on to https://admin.google.com as a Google Super Admin. Go to Apps → Google Workspace Marketplace apps → Apps list and click Trend Micro Cloud App Security. Click Grant access in the Data Access section. The "Status: Granted" message appears on the screen. Note If you change the application scope for Trend Micro Cloud App Security in the User Access section, make sure the selected groups or organizational units include the Google Super Admin account to be used for access grant in step 6. Select the policy to enable automatically when the access grant is complete. Click Grant Permission. In the new browser tab that appears, click your Google Super Admin account. Wait until the process is completed. If the message "Successfully created a service account and synced data." appears on the screen, the access grant is successful. Next steps If for some reason the access token becomes invalid, a notification appears on Dashboard. Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection also sends an email message to notify the administrator of this event. To continue using the service account, go to Administration → Service Account to create a new access token. For more information, see Service account. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base