---
id: how-protects-your-data-privacy
title: How Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection protects your data privacy
sidebar_label: How Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection protects your data privacy
description: How Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection protects your data privacy
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 How Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection protects your data privacy Security is a critical requirement for placing your data privacy in Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection. Certified by ISO 27001, ISO 27014, ISO27034-1, ISO 27017, SOC 2 Type 2 reports, and SOC 3 reports, Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection ensures that your data is protected and used in a transparent manner while providing advanced protection for each supported cloud application or service. The efforts to implement privacy and data protection measures fall into the following areas: Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection follows mature and stringent product development processes and utilizes industry-leading tools and methodologies to perform source code defect scan and vulnerability scan, executing professional penetration tests by Trend Micro InfoSec team, thus to ensure the service itself robust yet secure. It is hosted in a multi-tenant environment using the solid database service and applies access control policies that protect your Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection data and sensitive information from unauthorized access. In a mature multi-tenant SaaS architecture, sufficient security checks are adopted to ensure data security, data segregation and prevent access to data of one tenant by users from other tenants. Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection is designed by taking a "privacy by design" approach. "Privacy by design" is an approach to projects that promotes privacy and data protection compliance from the start. Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection does not store your original contents, for example, email messages and files, during scanning and discards them upon completion. It stores quarantined objects within your own cloud application storage. Note When you use Inline Protection for Exchange Online, Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection stores quarantined objects in its own storage. At the same time, cache data that Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection builds is just a hash value and cannot be converted back into original email messages or files. Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection communicates with supported cloud applications and services using web services over HTTPS. Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection is hosted on Microsoft Azure data centers. Its cloud sandbox service is hosted in different regions based on each Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection serving site. For more information on the geographic locations of Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection data centers, see Data center geography. Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection and its cloud sandbox service in different sites operate independently and are not interconnected for data residency, privacy, and sovereign considerations, and your data will always stay within your own site and cannot be replicated by other sites. To protect privacy during service operation, the Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection team applies mature operational practices, including management console access control, operation monitoring and auditing. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base