---
id: hyper-v-network-settings
title: Hyper-V network settings
sidebar_label: Hyper-V network settings
description: Hyper-V network settings
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Hyper-V network settings After successfully deploying your Virtual Network Sensor, configure your network based on your requirements. Once your Virtual Network Sensor has successfully connected to Network Inventory, use the table below to find the recommended configurations for your network environment based on your throughput and traffic type. Traffic type is determined by how data is passed from the monitored appliance to the Virtual Network Sensor: Internal traffic is passed from the monitored appliance to a Virtual Network Sensor on the same host system through a virtual switch. External traffic is passed from the monitored appliance to the Virtual Network Sensor via an external network switch. Generally, the monitored appliance is not on the same system as the Virtual Network Sensor, but can be in the case of monitoring VM-to-VM traffic or when using PCI passthrough. To determine which deployment scenario is best for your network security needs, see Map your deployment with VMware vCenter. Important If your throughput is equal to or greater than 2 Gbps, using a PCI passthrough is recommended. Your data port must be able to connect to the internet. Monitored Throughput Traffic Type Recommended Network Configuration Less than 2 Gbps Internal Configure the port mirroring settings for the source and destination VMs on the host Hyper-V machine For more information, see Configure internal network traffic on Hyper-V host. External Configure the port mirroring settings for the destination VM on the host Hyper-V machine, or enable ERSPAN on the Virtual Network Sensor To configure the Virtual Network Sensor VM on the host machine, see Configure external network traffic on Hyper-V host. To utilize ERSPAN, see Configure external inter-VM traffic with ERSPAN (Hyper-V host). Equal to or greater than 2 Gbps External Use PCI passthrough For more information, see Configure external network traffic with PCI passthrough (Hyper-V host). © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base