---
id: identity-posture
title: Identity Security Posture
sidebar_label: Identity Security Posture
description: Identity Security Posture
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Identity Security Posture Gain better overall visibility over your organization's identity-related assets that might be exposed to attack and identify risk events that weaken your security posture. Identity Security Posture provides you with an overview of your organization's identity posture and highlights the risk events that most put your assets at risk. The following table describes the tabs of the Identity Security Posture app. Tab Description Overview Provides several widgets containing information regarding various aspects of your organization's identity posture Hover over Credit usage to see details about your credit allocation to Cyber Risk Exposure Management. Click Data sources to see and configure your data sources for Cyber Risk Exposure Management. Exposure A list of all the exposure-related risk events prioritized by the real-time impact on your organization's Cyber Risk Index Hover over Credit usage to see details about your credit allocation to Cyber Risk Exposure Management. Click Data sources to see and configure your data sources for Cyber Risk Exposure Management. Click Highlighted risk events to filter the list to only risk events identified by Cyber Risk Exposure Management that have the biggest impact on your exposure. Click All exposure risk events to see all risk events that impact your exposure. Click Export to export a CSV file of the currently listed risk events. Click any risk event name to view the details of the risk event in the Threat and Exposure Management app. Click any details icon () to view the details of the risk event in the exposure risk event profile screen. Attack A list of all attack-related risk events prioritized by the real-time impact on your organization's Cyber Risk Index Hover over Credit usage to see details about your credit allocation to Cyber Risk Exposure Management. Click Data sources to see and configure your data sources for Cyber Risk Exposure Management. Click Export to export a CSV file of the currently listed risk events. Click any risk event name to view the details of the risk event in the Threat and Exposure Management app. Click any details icon () to view the details of the risk event in the attack risk event profile screen. Related information Overview Exposure Attack © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base