---
id: identity-inventory-overview
title: Overview
sidebar_label: Overview
description: Overview
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Overview View identity provider status, key metrics, and critical alerts related to Microsoft Entra ID. The Overview tab displays a summary of your connected identity provider status along with at-a-glance metrics on your human, non-human, and entitlement data. The following table describes the information categories available in the IDENTITY PROVIDER SUMMARY section. Category Description Microsoft Entra ID license Displays the current license type you hold for your identity provider, along with any limitations resulting from the license Important Sign in data is not available for users with free Microsoft Entra ID licenses. Some data fields may be incomplete after syncing. Data sync Displays the status of the permissions required to sync identity data Policy enforcement Displays the status of the permissions required to perform policy enforcement actions The following table describes the information categories available in the IDENTITY SUMMARY section. Category Description Human identities Displays the number of human identities in your organization along with a chart breaking the identities down into regular or privileged users, internal or external users, and members or guests. Note Some older Microsoft Entra ID user accounts, specifically user accounts created before 2014, may not have a configured user type. You may configure a user type for the account in your Microsoft Entra ID tenant if you have sufficient permissions. For more information, see Microsoft's documentation. Non-human identities Displays the number of the following types of non-human identities: Privileged groups Devices synced and not synced with Active Directory Note Devices synced with Active Directory are part of an on-premises identity provider as well as a cloud-based identity provider. Verified, non-verified, privileged, and regular enterprise applications Note Privileged applications are permitted to read and write directory data. Verified applications have a verified publisher. Entitlements Displays the number of the following entitlements: Assigned privileged roles, including administrators or applications with write permissions Enabled conditional access (CA) policies Granted privileged permissions © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base