---
id: install-agent-via-deep-security
title: Install Trend Vision One Endpoint Security agent via Deep Security Agent
sidebar_label: Install Trend Vision One Endpoint Security agent via Deep Security Agent
description: Install Trend Vision One Endpoint Security agent via Deep Security Agent
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Install Trend Vision One Endpoint Security agent via Deep Security Agent Trend Vision One Server & Workload Protection allows you to install Trend Vision One Endpoint Security agent via Deep Security Agent. Before you begin Before you begin: Procedure Verify that you are installing from a supported platform and Deep Security Agent version 20.0.1.25770 (20 LTS Update 2024-12-10) or later. Update Trend Vision One to the Foundation Services release. Configure Trend Vision One Proxy settings to allow access to the installation package. Configure a proxy connection and review the firewall requirements. Check if you need to use Trend Vision One Endpoint Sensor. Next steps You are now ready to install your Trend Vision One Endpoint Security agent. Install Trend Vision One Endpoint Security agent Procedure In the Workload Security console, go to Computers, and then do one of the following: Right-click the computers on which you want to install Trend Vision One Endpoint Security agent, and then select Actions > Install Trend Vision One Endpoint Security agent. Tip If "Install Trend Vision One Endpoint Security agent" does not appear in the Actions menu, add the "Trend Vision One Endpoint Security Agent readiness status" column (from Computers > Columns). Select the computers that you want to upgrade, click Actions at the top, and then select Install Trend Vision One Endpoint Security agent. Click Submit. Schedule a task To install Trend Vision One Endpoint Security agent automatically, you can create a scheduled task. Use Trend Vision One Endpoint Sensor To enhance Activity Monitoring protection using the Endpoint Sensor, consult the Endpoint Security Policies) before proceeding with the Trend Vision One Endpoint Security agent installation. Note When Trend Vision One Endpoint Sensor is enabled, Activity Monitoring is automatically disabled. Activity Monitoring does not need to be disabled manually. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base