---
id: install-tplc-service
title: Install the Third-Party Log Collection service on a Service Gateway
sidebar_label: Install the Third-Party Log Collection service on a Service Gateway
description: Install the Third-Party Log Collection service on a Service Gateway
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Install the Third-Party Log Collection service on a Service Gateway Enable third-party log collection by installing the Third-Party Log Collection service on your deployed Service Gateway. The Third-Party Log Collection service supports receiving logs from third-party sources and forwarding the log data to Trend Vision One for analysis and correlation or compliance purposes. The service is required to use the features in Third-Party Log Collection. To install the service, you must have a compatible Service Gateway deployed. To learn how to deploy a Service Gateway, see Deployment guides. Procedure Go to Workflow and Automation → Service Gateway Management. Select the Service Gateway you want to manage. Important Make sure that your selected Service Gateway virtual appliance meets the minimum specifications required to support the Third-Party Log Collection service. Minimum requirements are 1 virtual CPU and 128 MB of virtual memory, which supports sending 30,000 logs per second. When configuring multiple services, you must allocate the minimum virtual CPU and virtual memory requirement per service to ensure proper functionality. For more information, see Service Gateway appliance system requirements. The details screen for the selected Service Gateway appears. Click Manage Services. The Manage Services drawer appears. Find the Third-Party Log Collectionservice and click the install icon (). For more information, see Manage services in Service Gateway. The Third-Party Log Collection service is installed on the Service Gateway. The Service Gateway is available for selection when adding a collector in Third-Party Log Collection. If you wish to receive log data in Third-Party Log Collection using the TLS protocol, you must upload a valid certificate from your organization to the Service Gateway. For instructions, see How do I upload a certificate to a Service Gateway? Important If Trend Vision One fails to ingest a collected log, the Third-Party Log Collection service saves the log in a backup file in the Service Gateway storage. After three days or when the backup file exceeds 50 GB in size, the Third-Party Log Collection service purges the logs. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base