---
id: internet-access-configuration
title: Internet Access and AI Service Access configuration
sidebar_label: Internet Access and AI Service Access configuration
description: Internet Access and AI Service Access configuration
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Internet Access and AI Service Access configuration Internet Access and AI Service Access Configuration allows you to deploy the Trend Micro internet access service to analyze web activity and enforce secure access rules to protect your users' internet visits. The internet access and AI service access service safeguards your users' web activity by inspecting all internet traffic bi-directionally and enforcing secure access rules. With a default, globally-available cloud gateway, users' web traffic can be monitored, analyzed, and controlled, regardless of locations. With a dedicated corporate network location that identifies the location of your organization, the service can accelerate access control, internet visits, and AI service use. The internet access and AI service access service consists of two major components: Gateways: Analyze your users' forwarded HTTPS/HTTP traffic to enforce secure access rules. Secure Access Module: Deployed to endpoints managed by Trend Vision One to ensure that internet traffic is forwarded to the Internet Access Gateway for analysis and control. Procedure Define a corporate network location, such as the corporate headquarters, a branch office, or company VPN. For more information, see Internet Access gateways and corporate network locations. Deploy the Secure Access Module to the endpoints that you want to manage to forward their web traffic to an appropriate Internet Access Gateway. Alternatively, you can create a Proxy Auto Configuration (PAC) file on the Trend Vision One console and manually deploy it to client browsers to forward web traffic from your endpoints to the Internet Access Gateway. Turn on the Internet Access and AI Service Access toggle on the Internet Access and AI Service Access Configuration screen and instruct your users to log in to the module to make the internet access service work. Note To manage access to specific AI services and enable advanced AI content generation checks, go to Secure Access Rules and create at least one AI service access rule. (Optional) Configure HTTPS inspection rules to decrypt HTTPS traffic if you need to determine whether to allow access to HTTPS contents. Related information Internet Access gateways and corporate network locations PAC files HTTPS inspection URL allow and deny lists Bypass URL list for the Windows agent Global settings © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base