---
id: internet-facing-ip-addresses
title: Internet-facing IP addresses
sidebar_label: Internet-facing IP addresses
description: Internet-facing IP addresses
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Internet-facing IP addresses Attack Surface Discovery discovers and assesses your internet-facing IP addresses as part of your external attack surface. Attack Surface Discovery discovers your internet-facing IP addresses by checking A records for your domains, the pointer (PTR) records for the related IPs, and information from your domains' SSL certificates. You may also add IP addresses manually. Manually added IP addresses undergo a secondary verification process before appearing in Internet-Facing Assets. Data for internet-facing IP addresses is updated daily. IP-related risks are identified based on the following factors: Factor Example of risk Service Unexpected service observed on the public network Port Unexpected port observed CVE Application vulnerability identified on internet-facing assets The following table outlines the actions you can perform on the Public IPs tab: Action Description View an overview of internet-facing IP addresses The Internet-Facing Assets widget provides the following information: Number of discovered IP addresses per month Discovery trend over the last 12 months Distribution by geographic location View a list of discovered internet-facing IP addresses The public IP list provides key information about discovered IPv4 and IPv6 addresses, including latest risk score, number of related hosts, and number of CVEs detected. You can filter list entries based on criteria such as criticality and host provider. Note Assets marked with the star icon are highly critical to your organization's operations. For more information, see Asset criticality . If you see an IP address that you don't believe belongs to your organization, check the PTR record for the related domain. Add public IP addresses to the list Click Add. Follow the instructions in the Add IP Addresses dialog to add IPv4 or IPv6 addresses that belong to your organization. You can add a maximum of 1,000 IP addresses. IPv$ ranges are supported. IPv6 addresses must be added individually. Click Add. View the information about the IP addresses that you have added by clicking View Manually Added IP Addresses. Processing the new IP addresses might take up to 10 days. Cyber Risk Exposure Management displays the public IP addresses that have been verified on the Public IP List. Important This action is not available if you have an active trial for Cyber Risk Exposure Management or if you are using a third-party solution as the data source for internet-facing assets. Remove public IP addresses from the list Select one or more IP addresses from the list. Click Remove. View the asset details screen for each listed IP address The asset details screen includes the following tabs: Risk Assessment: Displays the risk score and list of risk indicators, including descriptions of risk events and recommended remediation actions Related Hosts: Lists the related domains and subdomains with information such as host provider, services, and ports Open Services and Ports: Lists internet-facing ports, the related services, and service status Asset Profile: Displays criticality-related information, including the criticality level and list of profile tags Export information about internet-facing IP addresses discovered in the last 7 days Click Manage Reports. Select Internet-Facing Assets. The Report Management › Internet-Facing Assets Template screen appears. Configure the report settings. Note To view the list of data fields for each asset type, click View CSV Fields. Click Create. Each CSV file contains a maximum of 100,000 records. Scan selected public IPv4 addresses for exposures Important This is a "Pre-release" feature and is not considered an official release. Please review the Pre-release disclaimer before using the feature. Note This feature is not available in all regions. Select up to five IPv4 addresses and click Scan for exposures. Select a Service Gateway deployed to a public cloud platform. Confirm the assets to be scanned. Click Scan for exposures. For more information, see Internet-facing asset exposure scans. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base