---
id: intro-endpoint-security-policies
title: About endpoint security policies (unified assignment)
sidebar_label: About endpoint security policies (unified assignment)
description: About endpoint security policies (unified assignment)
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 About endpoint security policies (unified assignment) Centralize management of Trend Vision One Endpoint Security agent settings for Endpoint Sensor and protection manager features. Important Endpoint security policies (unified assignment) only support endpoints with the Trend Vision One Endpoint Security agent version 202507 release or later installed. Certain settings require credits to enable. If this is your first time using the new Endpoint Security Policies, please read Before you enroll. This version of Endpoint Security Policies is an updated and improved version which integrates most features from Standard Endpoint Protection and Server & Workload Protection. However, support for some features is still under development. Review Before you enroll to avoid any potential interruption to your security environment. Endpoint security policies are a tool you can use to centrally manage endpoint settings for your connected Trend Vision One Endpoint Security agent, including agents with Standard Endpoint Protection and Server & Workload Protection installed. Endpoint security policies modularize features and the component pieces of policies, enabling settings and policies to be reused across your security environment. Endpoint Security Policies To create and assign settings across your endpoints, use the following steps: Configure policy resources. Policy resources include rules, lists, and schedules for use with configuring security modules in your policies. You can also use policy resources to generate authorization tokens for terminating the agent program on an endpoint. Configure the policy. Create policies and configure the security modules to protect and monitor your security environment. Create policy assignments. Assignments use priorities and criteria to assign policies to targeted endpoints within selected endpoint groups. An assignment can include endpoint groups from both Standard Endpoint Protection and Server & Workload Protection. Endpoint security policies feature a wide range of security modules you can configure. Endpoint security policy modules Category Module name Description Threat Prevention Anti-Malware Actively protects endpoints by detecting and eliminating threats in real time Use this module to set your Anti-Malware monitoring level, scheduled scans, and scan exclusions. Web Reputation Protects against web threats by blocking access to malicious URLs Use this module to set your Web Reputation scan settings, access rules, and port monitoring. Intrusion Prevention Protects your endpoints from known and zero-day vulnerability attacks Use this module to configure rule statuses and recommendation settings. Hardening Rules Provides protection by regulating programs that trigger certain events in commonly targeted system areas Support for configuring Hardening Rules is coming soon. Access Control Application Control Monitors endpoints for software changes and allows or blocks software actions based on configured settings and rules Use this module to enable or disable Application Control rules. You can also enforce lockdown mode with Application Control. Device Control Regulates access to external storage devices when connected to your endpoints Use this module to configure device permissions and to specify allowed devices Firewall Provides bidirectional stateful inspection of incoming and outgoing network traffic Use this module to configure the firewall security level, enabled rules, and specify allowed programs. Advanced Capabilities Log Inspection Helps identify important events within your operating system and application logs Support for configuring Log Inspection is coming soon. Integrity Monitoring Scans for unexpected changes to registry values, keys, services, processes, installed software, ports, and files on endpoints Support for configuring Integrity Monitoring is coming soon. Cyber Risk & Security Operations Advanced Risk Telemetry Analyzes endpoints for potential security posture weaknesses and performs vulnerability assessments Use this module to enable or disable Advanced Risk Telemetry Endpoint Sensor Sends activity data for state-of-the-art threat detection and alerting Previously called Endpoint sensor detection and response, use this module to configure the Endpoint Sensor monitoring level and deepfake detector. Data Security Sensor Sends activity data to trace the movement of sensitive data within the Data Security module Identity Security Sensor Monitors your identity management solutions to ensure robust and effective identity security Support for configuring Identity Security Sensor is coming soon. Sandbox Submission Allows agents to automatically submit suspicious objects for analysis in a secure, virtual cloud sandbox environment When enabled, you can view analysis results in Sandbox Analysis. Management Settings Exclusions Manage exceptions across endpoint protection features Use this module to manage rule exceptions and configure the trusted programs list. Browser Extension Deploy the Trend Micro™ Toolbar for Enterprise browser extension to provide additional visibility and enhanced monitoring capabilities for endpoint protection features Browser extension helps enhance monitoring and detection for Web Reputation, Suspicious Objects, and Data Security. Agent Interface Provides a user interface on the endpoint for users to interact with the Trend Vision One Endpoint Security agent Use this module to configure endpoint user permissions to interact with the agent, perform manual scans, receive notifications, and terminate the agent program. Related information Endpoint Security Policy feature support requirements © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base