---
id: introducing-credit-based-licensing
title: Introduction to credit-based licensing
sidebar_label: Introduction to credit-based licensing
description: Introduction to credit-based licensing
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Introduction to credit-based licensing Trend Vision One credit-based licensing is an innovative pricing model that provides you with a more flexible way to manage multiple solutions through Trend Vision One. Credit-based licensing gives you the freedom to deploy Trend Micro services without the hassle of individual licenses. You can reallocate resources at any time, enabling you to respond dynamically to changing demands. Start using credits in four simple steps. Step 1: Estimate your credit requirement Step 2: Purchase credits Contact your sales representative to purchase a subscription license for Trend Vision One credits. You can also purchase Trend Vision One credits from any affiliated marketplace, such as the Amazon AWS and Microsoft Azure marketplaces. Tip If you purchase more credits than initially necessary, any extra credits can be used to try out new Trend Micro solutions or respond to unexpected demands. Step 3: Allocate credits to supported apps and services in Trend Vision One Important Because Trend Vision One credits are a type of subscription license, all your purchased credits are valid and accessible until their expiration date. In other words, you do not "spend" credits, you only allocate them. You can allocate your credits to Trend Vision One features for the duration of the license term. When you allocate credits to or enable supported apps or services in Trend Vision One, credits are deducted from your available credit balance. Different Trend Vision One features use different credit allocation models. For a list of Trend Micro offerings that support credits, see Credit requirements for Trend Vision One solutions, capabilities, and features. Step 4: Monitor credit usage Go to the Credits & Billing app to view detailed information about your credit usage. For more information, see Annual credits. Note Allow some time for the credit data synchronization to complete and the latest credit allocation information to display in the Credits & Billing app every time you configure or update credit settings. Related information Credit allocation models © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base