---
id: intrusion-prevention-configuration
title: Intrusion Prevention Configuration
sidebar_label: Intrusion Prevention Configuration
description: Intrusion Prevention Configuration
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Intrusion Prevention Configuration Assess and prioritize your network vulnerabilities, and quickly deploy virtual patch filters for your most at-risk CVE detections. Intrusion Prevention Configuration centralizes insights from across your network and assesses and prioritizes risk alongside other XDR sensor data. Intrusion Prevention Configuration provides policy recommendations and enables the deployment of virtual patch filters to stay ahead of critical CVEs. Note Intrusion Prevention Configuration was formerly known as Network Intrusion Prevention - Policy Recommendations. You can view your connected TippingPoint devices by navigating to Network Security → Network Inventory. Policy recommendations speed up your response to the most critical CVE threats affecting your network through the deployment of available TippingPoint Security Management System (SMS) virtual patch filters. You receive a customized display of the most critical CVEs currently affecting your network and the virtual patching filter status across your profiles. Intrusion Prevention Configuration now supports policy enforcement on all TippingPoint SMS appliances connected to Trend Vision One. If you have more than one SMS, use the dropdown menu to select which SMS to display for policy tuning. Information and policy configuration options for the SMS you select is displayed on the Policy Recommendations page. Note In order for TippingPoint users to see Intrusion Prevention Data, they must first ensure Vulnerabilities is selected as a Risk Factor in Threat and Exposure Management. Because the Vulnerability Assessment service scans endpoints for vulnerabilities, TippingPoint users must also either install Endpoint Sensor or a third-party vulnerability scanning tool so that vulnerabilities will display in Threat and Exposure Management. The resulting vulnerabilities map to the corresponding TippingPoint filter and are shown as network vulnerabilities on the Intrusion Prevention Configuration display. The following table outlines the options available on the Policy Recommendations tab (Network Security → Intrusion Prevention Configuration → Policy Recommendations (tab)). Option Description Vulnerability Overview Displays the current vulnerability status for your most at-risk unique CVEs that have corresponding TippingPoint filters available for virtual patching Prioritized CVE threat list Displays a prioritized list of CVEs and the filters available that you can enable and deploy to profiles to virtually patch existing threats Use the available filters to view case statuses, or locate specific CVEs and TippingPoint SMS profiles. Mitigate the CVE risk by selecting filters and deploying policies directly to your TippingPoint SMS profiles. View detailed CVE profiles by clicking the details icon (). Policy deployment status Displays the current progress of your policy deployment operations Related information Deploy Virtual Patch filter policies to TippingPoint SMS CVE profiles © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base