---
id: investigation-results-screen
title: Investigation Results
sidebar_label: Investigation Results
description: Investigation Results
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Investigation Results Use the Investigation Results screen to get a quick overview of the investigation results. This screen is accessible from the following locations: On the One Time Investigation tab, click the investigation Name. On the Scheduled Investigation tab, click the investigation Name, and then click a value in the Matched Endpoints column. This screen displays the following information: A doughnut chart that shows the number of total endpoints already classified as Matched, No Match, Queued or Cancelled A summary of the totals is given on the left of the chart. This summary updates in real time as the investigation progresses. Icon Label Description Matched Number of investigated endpoints containing a matching object No match Number of investigated endpoints that did not have a matching object Queued Number of endpoints still to be investigated. An investigation is complete once there are no more queued endpoints to investigate. Cancelled Number of endpoints not investigated. This may be due to user cancellation, system error, or endpoint timeout. Parameters used when the investigation was created. Click Criteria to review the search conditions used by the investigation. A table of results which provides more details about each endpoint included in the investigation. This table groups the endpoints into tabs based on the investigation status. This table displays the following details: Column Name Description Asterisk (*) Indicates an endpoint tagged as Important Endpoint Name of the endpoint containing the matching object Click the Endpoint name to view more details about the endpoint. IP Address IP address of the endpoint containing the matching object The IP address is assigned by the network. Operating System Operating system used by the endpoint User User name of the user logged in when the Endpoint Sensor agent first logged the matched object Click the user name to view more details about the user. Match Details Click to view details of the match. Root Cause Analysis Click to view the Root Cause Analysis screen. Note Root Cause Analysis results are only available for YARA rules. Because Live Investigations run on the current system state, some files and registry entries may be locked or in use during this period. Root Cause Analysis results are not available for investigations using OpenIOC rules or registry search. Elapsed Time elapsed since the investigation started. Related information Analysis Chains Object Details © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base