---
id: ios-compliance-criteria
title: iOS compliance policy criteria
sidebar_label: iOS compliance policy criteria
description: iOS compliance policy criteria
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 iOS compliance policy criteria Section Setting Description Device Health Device unjailbroken Specify whether this setting is required for compliance evaluation. If Required, any jailbroken devices will be evaluated as noncompliant. Device at or under specific risk level Select the maximum allowed risk level for devices evaluated by Mobile Security. Devices that are higher than the risk level get evaluated as noncompliant. System Security Lock screen enabled Specify whether this setting is required for compliance evaluation. If Required, any devices without a lock screen enabled get evaluated as noncompliant. Minimum OS version Type an OS version. Examples: 14 14.8 14.8.1 Minimum security patch level Specify whether this setting is required for compliance evaluation, and select the oldest security patch level a device can have. If Required and a security patch level is specified, any devices with an older security patch level get evaluated as noncompliant. Password required to unlock device Specify whether this setting is required for compliance evaluation. If Required, any devices without a password get evaluated as noncompliant. Simple passwords blocked Minimum password length Type a number from 4 to 14. Password type Specify the password type. Minimum number of non-alphanumeric characters Select the minimum Maximum minutes after screen lock before password is required Maximum minutes of inactivity until screen locks Number of passwords required before user can reuse an old one Mobile Agent Number of days of no check-in until agent becomes inactive Select a number from the drop-down list. The default value is 30. This means the Mobile Security for Business enters the inactive state when the agent has not check in with Mobile Security for 30 consecutive days. Device access permissions Specify whether this setting is required for compliance evaluation. If Required, any devices that disable the specified permissions get evaluated as noncompliant. Location Specify whether this setting is required for compliance evaluation. If Required, any devices that disable the Location permission get evaluated as noncompliant. Notifications Specify whether this setting is required for compliance evaluation. If Required, any devices that disable the Notifications permission get evaluated as noncompliant. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base