---
id: ir-evidence-file-timeline
title: File timeline
sidebar_label: File timeline
description: File timeline
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 File timeline Evidence Data Description Creation time ($FN) The time and date the file was created, according to the NTFS $FILE_NAME attribute. Path The absolute path of the file. Modification time ($FN) The time and date the file was last modified, according to the NTFS $FILE_NAME attribute. Access time ($FN) The time and date the file was last accessed, according to the NTFS $FILE_NAME attribute. Record time ($FN) The time and date the file's MFT entry was last modified, according to the NTFS $FILE_NAME attribute (often reflects metadata changes). Directory The directory in which the file is located. Filename The name portion of the file path. Inode The number of the file system index node (often referred to as the MFT Record Number in NTFS). File ID The unique identifier value assigned to the file within the filesystem. UID The User ID (UID) of the file's owner. Attributes A string or set of flags defining the file's attributes (for example, Read-only, Hidden, System). Symlink An indication of whether the file path is a symbolic link. Type The type of the file entry (for example, regular file, directory, symbolic link). Creation time ($STD) The time and date the file was created, according to the NTFS $STANDARD_INFORMATION attribute. Modification time ($STD) The time and date the file was last modified, according to the NTFS $STANDARD_INFORMATION attribute. Access time ($STD) The time and date the file was last accessed, according to the NTFS $STANDARD_INFORMATION attribute. MFT Change time ($STD) The time and date the file's MFT entry was last modified, according to the NTFS $STANDARD_INFORMATION attribute. Hard links The number of hard links pointing to the file. File version The version number associated with the file, if available (often relevant for executables or libraries). Size The size of the file, typically measured in bytes. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base