---
id: ir-evidence-basic-info
title: Basic information
sidebar_label: Basic information
description: Basic information
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Basic information System information Evidence Data Description Host name The Domain Name System (DNS) host name of the endpoint. UUID The system-generated universally unique identifier (UUID) string for the endpoint hardware profile. CPU type The system central processing unit (CPU) architecture. CPU brand The brand of the currently supported processor. CPU physical cores The number of physical cores in the CPU. CPU logical cores The number of logical cores in the CPU. CPU microcode An intermediary code acting as CPU firmware. Physical memory (KB) The amount of physical memory displayed in kilobytes (KB). Hardware vendor The manufacturer of the system motherboard. Hardware model The device model of the endpoint. Hardware serial The serial number of the endpoint hardware's software component. Computer name The Network Basic Input/Output System (NetBIOS) name of the endpoint. OS version Evidence Data Description Name The Operating System (OS) distribution or product name. Installation time The date the OS was installed on the endpoint. Version The primary OS version running on the endpoint. Major The major release version of the current OS. Minor The minor release version of the current OS. Build A build-specific or variant OS version identifier. Platform The OS platform or ID. Platform like The closely related platforms. Code name The OS version code name. Arch The OS architecture. Interface detail Evidence Data Description MAC The Media Access Control (MAC) address for the endpoint network adapter. Last modification time The time of the last device modification. Network interface The index of the Internet Protocol version 4 (IPv4) interface associated with network IPv4 addresses. MTU The maximum transmission unit (MTU) size in bytes. Metric The IPv4 interface metric for the network adapter address. Flags The flags specifying network adapter settings. Collisions The number of packet collisions detected. Friendly name A user-friendly name for the network adapter. Description A description of the network adapter. Manufacturer The manufacturer of the network adapter. Connection ID The name of the network connections as appearing in the Control Panel Network Connections section. Connection status The state of the network adapter network connection. Enabled An indication of whether the adapter is enabled. Physical adapter An indication of whether the adapter is physical. Speed An estimation of current bandwidth in bits per second or the nominal bandwidth when no estimation can be made. Service The service name of the network adapter. DHCP enabled An indication of whether Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol version 4 (DHCPv4) is enabled. DHCP lease expires The expiration date and time of the leased Internet Protocol (IP) address that the DHCP server assigned to the endpoint. DHCP lease obtained The date and time the leased IP address was assigned to the endpoint through the DHCP server. DHCP server The IP address of the DHCP server. DNS domain The domain name and suffix of the organization. DNS domain suffix search order A list of DNS domain suffixes to be applied at the end of the host name when attempting domain name resolution. DNS host name The name used to identify the endpoint for authentication. DNS server search order A list of server IP addresses used when querying for DNS servers. iPackets The number of unicast packets received by the interface. oPackets The number of octets of data sent through the interface. iBytes The number of octets of data received by the interface. oBytes The number of unicast packets sent through the interface. iErrors The number of incoming packets discarded because of errors. oErrors The number of outgoing packets discarded because of errors. iDrops The number of incoming packets discarded despite not having errors. oDrops The number of outgoing packets discarded despite not having errors. Interface address Evidence Data Description Network interface The index of the IPv4 interface associated with network IPv4 addresses. Address A read-only user-friendly name for the address. Mask The IPv4 subnet mask. Type The origin of the IPv4 or Internet Protocol version 6 (IPv6) address suffix. Friendly Name A user-friendly name for the network adapter. Volume information Evidence Data Description Path The current disk drive path. Name The name of the disk drive on the file system. System The file system type, such as File Allocation Table (FAT) or New Technology File System (NTFS). Maximum component length The maximum character length of file names supported by the file system. File system flags The flags associated with the file system. Drive type A value indicating disk drive type, such as removable, fixed, solid-state drive (SSD), or hard disk drive (HDD). System drive environment Evidence Data Description System root The root Windows directory. System drive The drive on which Windows is installed. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base