---
id: isolate-network-endpoints
title: Isolating Endpoints
sidebar_label: Isolating Endpoints
description: Isolating Endpoints
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Isolating Endpoints Isolate at-risk endpoints to run an investigation and resolve security issues. Restore the connection promptly when all issues have been resolved. Procedure Go to Directories → Users/Endpoints. Select to view endpoints. Click the name of an endpoint in the list. On the Endpoint information screen that appears, click Task → Isolate. Trend Micro Apex Central disables the Isolate option on endpoints for the following reasons: The agent on the endpoint runs an unsupported version. The user account used to log on to Trend Micro Apex Central does not have the necessary permissions. A message appears at the top of the Endpoint information screen that allows you to monitor the isolation status. After isolation completes, the message closes and a notification appears on the target endpoint to inform the user. If a problem occurs during the isolation process, the message at the top of the Endpoint - {name} screen informs you of the problem. To view all isolated endpoints on your Trend Micro Apex Central network, click the Endpoints → Filters → Network Connection → Isolated node in the User/Endpoint Directory tree. (Optional) To configure allowed inbound and outbound traffic to all isolated endpoints: Click the Control hyperlink in the note on the screen that appears. Select Control traffic on isolated endpoints. Expand the Inbound Traffic or Outbound Traffic sections. Specify the allowed traffic by specifying the Protocol, IP Address, and Destination Port. Separate multiple destination ports using commas. Add multiple inbound and outbound entries by clicking the - control to the right of the Destination Port information. Note After modifying the allowed traffic settings, all previously isolated endpoints and any endpoints isolated later apply the inbound and outbound traffic settings. After you have resolved the security threats on an isolated endpoint, restore network connectivity from the following locations: Endpoint information screen: Click Task → Restore. Endpoints → Filters → Network Connection → Isolated: Select the endpoint row in the table and click Task → Restore Network Connection. A message appears at the top of the screen that allows you to monitor the restoration status. After restoration completes, the message closes and a notification appears on the target endpoint to inform the user. If a problem occurs during the restoration process, the message at the top of the screen informs you of the problem. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base