---
id: ivanti-mobileiron-android
title: Ivanti (MobileIron) managed configuration enrollment for Android devices
sidebar_label: Ivanti (MobileIron) managed configuration enrollment for Android devices
description: Ivanti (MobileIron) managed configuration enrollment for Android devices
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Ivanti (MobileIron) managed configuration enrollment for Android devices Configure the managed configuration settings in Ivanti to enroll your managed Android devices in Mobile Security. Procedure Enable the Mobile Security for Business app for Android devices. In your Ivanti console, go to Apps → App Catalog and click Add. Click the Google Play icon. Search for "Mobile Security for Business" in the search field. Select the app and click Continue to proceed to the app preview page. Click Next. Choose whether or not to display the app for users in the Apps@Work catalog or display the app on the Featured banner. Click Next. Choose the method for distributing Mobile Security for Business to managed Android devices. Selecting the default distribution rule distributes the app to all devices. Selecting a custom rule for a delegated space distributes the app to all devices within the specified space. Create an app configuration policy for Mobile Security for Business. Go to Android Managed Configuration. Click the + button to enter Configuration Setup. In the fields provided, enter the enrollment key copied previously from the Managed Configuration Enrollment for Android and iOS/iPadOS Devices screen in Other MDM Solution on your Trend Vision One console. Enter the specific key values that correspond to your primary device. Click Next. Click Done.In the Trend Vision One console, your Ivanti-managed Android devices begin to appear in your Mobile Inventory device list after end users open the Mobile Security for Business app. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base