---
id: ivanti-mobileiron-enrollment-ios
title: Ivanti (MobileIron) managed configuration enrollment for iOS devices
sidebar_label: Ivanti (MobileIron) managed configuration enrollment for iOS devices
description: Ivanti (MobileIron) managed configuration enrollment for iOS devices
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Ivanti (MobileIron) managed configuration enrollment for iOS devices Configure the managed configuration settings in Ivanti to enroll your managed iOS devices in Mobile Security. Procedure Enable the Mobile Security for Business app for iOS devices. In your Ivanti console, go to Apps → App Catalog and click Add. Click the iOS Store icon. Search for "Mobile Security for Business" in the search field. Select the app and click Continue to proceed to the app preview page. Click Next. Choose whether or not to display the app for users in the Apps@Work catalog or display the app on the Featured banner. Click Next. Choose the method for distributing Mobile Security for Business to managed iOS devices. Selecting the default distribution rule distributes the app to all devices. Selecting a custom rule for a delegated space distributes the app to all devices within the specified space. Create an app configuration policy for Mobile Security for Business. Go to Apple Managed App Configuration. Click the + button to enter Configuration Setup. In the Name field, enter Trend Micro Mobile Security Enrollment Configuration for iOS. In the fields provided, enter the setting values and enrollment key copied previously from the Managed Configuration Enrollment for Android and iOS/iPadOS Devices screen in Other MDM Solution on your Trend Vision One console. Note You may alternatively upload the pre-generated XML file downloaded from the Managed Configuration Enrollment for Android and iOS/iPadOS Devices screen or create your own XML file for upload using the following XML code: <?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?> <!DOCTYPE plist PUBLIC "-//Apple//DTD PLIST 1.0//EN" "http://www.apple.com/DTDs/PropertyList-1.0.dtd"> <plist version="1.0"> <dict> <key>enrollmentKey</key> <string>placeholder</string> </dict> </plist> Replace the placeholder value with the enrollment key shown on the Managed Configuration Enrollment for Android and iOS/iPadOS Devices screen. Click Done. The Mobile Security for Business app begins to deploy to your managed iOS devices. Users must click Install when they see the pop-up message requesting permission to install the app. In the Trend Vision One console, your Ivanti-managed iOS devices begin to appear in your Mobile Inventory device list after end users open the Mobile Security for Business app. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base