---
id: iws-features-migration
title: InterScan Web Security Features and Settings Migration
sidebar_label: InterScan Web Security Features and Settings Migration
description: InterScan Web Security Features and Settings Migration
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 InterScan Web Security Features and Settings Migration Gain a better understanding of which features and settings migrate when you upgrade from InterScan Web Security products, including InterScan Web Security Virtual Appliance and InterScan Web Security Suite, to Zero Trust Secure Access Internet Access. The following tables detail how InterScan Web Security features and settings migrate when you upgrade to Internet Access. Features Feature Migratable Notes Dashboard No All relevant information and settings are found in the Zero Trust Secure Access app in Trend Vision One. Go to Zero Trust Secure Access → Secure Access Overview and click the Internet Access tab for an overview of the Internet Access service. Go to Zero Trust Secure Access → Secure Access Configuration → Internet Access Configuration to configure your Internet Access settings. Logs No Activity logs are available via XDR Data Explorer in Trend Vision One. Go to Agentic SIEM & XDR → XDR Data Explorer and select Secure Access Activity Data in the Search Method dropdown menu. Important Your existing logs in InterScan Web Security are not migrated to Trend Vision One. Reports No Reports are available via the Reports app in Trend Vision One. Go to Dashboards and Reports → Reports. Important Your existing reports in InterScan Web Security are not migrated to Trend Vision One. Updates No Zero Trust Secure Access Internet Access pattern and engine updates occur every 8 hours from midnight local time. The schedule is not configurable. Notifications No Notifications are not migrated to Trend Vision One. Go to Zero Trust Secure Access → Secure Access Configuration → Customization Settings and select the related block/warning page to customize your notifications. Audit Log No Log auditing is available via the Audit Logs app. Go to Administration → Audit Logs and select Zero Trust Secure Access from the Category dropdown menu. Deployment Wizard No The Zero Trust Secure Access app features a deployment wizard to assist you in setting up various services. Go to Zero Trust Secure Access → Secure Access Overview and click Deployment Wizard. In the Internet Access section, click Configure to launch the wizard. Settings InterScan Web Security Setting Migratable Notes Application Control → Policies Yes (Partial) Only policies with granular actions migrate to Internet Access. Go to Zero Trust Secure Access → Secure Access Rules and click the Internet Access Control tab to manage rules. Bandwidth Control → Policies No Go to Zero Trust Secure Access → Secure Access Configuration → Internet Access and AI Service Access Configuration and click Configure Bandwidth Control in the On-Premises Gateways section to manage global bandwidth control rules for Internet Access On-Premises Gateways. HTTP → HTTPS Decryption → Policies Yes (Partial) Only the global policy migrates to Internet Access. Go to Zero Trust Secure Access → Secure Access Configuration → Internet Access and AI Service Access Configuration and click HTTPS Inspection to manage HTTPS inspection rules. Go to Zero Trust Secure Access → Secure Access Configuration → Internet Access and AI Service Access Configuration and click Inspection Exceptions in the HTTPS Inspection dropdown menu to manage HTTPS inspection exceptions. HTTP → Advanced Threat Protection → Policies Yes (Partial) The Compressed File Handling and Large File Handling settings of policies do not migrate to Internet Access. The URL list exceptions of policies do not migrate to Internet Access. Blocking and scanning by file type settings migrate to Internet Access as file profiles. Go to Zero Trust Secure Access → Secure Access Resources and click the File Profiles tab to manage file profiles. HTTP → HTTP Inspection → Policies No Go to Zero Trust Secure Access → Secure Access Resources and click the HTTP/HTTPS Request Filters tab to manage filters for HTTP and HTTPS requests. HTTP → Data Loss Prevention → Policies No Go to Zero Trust Secure Access → Secure Access Resources and click the Data Loss Prevent tab to manage data loss prevention rules. HTTP → URL Filtering → Policies Yes (Partial) Only policies with the block action migrate to Internet Access. HTTP → Access Quota Policies No - HTTP → URL Access Control → Global URL Blocking Yes (Partial) Items in Exceptions to the Block List do not migrate to Internet Access. Go to Zero Trust Secure Access → Secure Access Configuration → Internet Access and AI Service Access Configuration and select URL Deny List in the Allow List/Deny List dropdown menu. HTTP → URL Access Control → Global Trust URLs Yes (Partial) Items in Exceptions to the Trusted URL List do not migrate to Internet Access. Go to Zero Trust Secure Access → Secure Access Configuration → Internet Access and AI Service Access Configuration and select URL Allow List in the Allow List/Deny List dropdown menu. HTTP → Configuration → X-Forwarded-For Header No - HTTP → Configuration → Approved Lists No Yes, ZTSA Internet Access can support the exception lists in Access Rules/AI rules. Migrate the Approved Lists to the ZTSA custom URL categories and then apply them to the Access Rules/AI rules. Go to Zero Trust Secure Access Secure Access Resources and click the Custom URL Categories tab to manage custom categories. HTTP → Configuration → Access Control Settings No - HTTP → Configuration → Custom Categories Yes Go to Zero Trust Secure Access → Secure Access Resources and click the Custom URL Categories tab to manage custom categories. HTTP → Configuration → Digital Certificates Yes Go to Zero Trust Secure Access → Secure Access Configuration → Internet Access and AI Service Access Configuration and select TLS/SSL Certificates from the HTTPS Inspection dropdown menu. HTTP → Configuration → WRS/URL Cache No - HTTP → Configuration → Content Cache No - FTP → Scan Rules No ZTSA Internet Access can support the FTP scan rules, but only for the on-premises gateways. And the setting is configured based on the on-premises gateways. It does not support the FTP Scan Rules migration. Administration → Configuration → User Identification No Go to Zero Trust Secure Access → Secure Access Configuration → Identity and Access Management to sync user data and enforce user access. Administration → Configuration → Policy Deployment No - Administration → Configuration → Database Connection No - Administration → Configuration → Quarantine Management No - Administration → Configuration → System Time No - Administration → Configuration → Scheduled Times Yes - Administration → Configuration → Register to Control Manager No Zero Trust Secure Access Internet Access references suspicious objects from the Threat Intelligence app. Administration → Configuration → Replication Configuration No - Administration → Configuration → Central Log/Reporting No - Administration → Configuration → Scan Method No - Administration → Configuration → PAC File Management No PAC files are not migrated to Trend Vision One. Use the default PAC file provided by Zero Trust Secure Access Internet Access or copy the PAC file from InterScan Web Security and replace the proxy address with the FQDN or IP address of your Internet Access Cloud Gateway or Internet Access On-Premises Gateway. Go to Zero Trust Secure Access → Secure Access Configuration → Internet Access and AI Service Access Configuration and click the PAC Files tab to manage your PAC files. Administration → Network Configuration → Network Interface No - Administration → Network Configuration → Web Console No - Administration → Network Configuration → Remote CLI No - Administration → Network Configuration → SNMP Settings No - Administration → Network Configuration → Static Routes No - Administration → Management Console → Account Administration No Go to Administration → User Accounts to manage accounts. Note Trend Vision One does not support setting LDAP user accounts as administrators. Administration → Management Console → Role Management No Go to Administration → User Roles to manage user roles. Administration → Management Console → Access Control Settings No - Administration → Config Backup/Restore No Go to Zero Trust Secure Access → Secure Access Configuration → Internet Access and AI Service Access Configuration and click Global Settings, then select Configuration Backup and Restoration to add some backup rules. Administration → System Updates No - Administration → System Maintenance No - Administration → Product License No Your InterScan Web Security license entitles to complimentary use of Zero Trust Secure Access Internet Access for the duration of the license. After the license expires, you must allocate credits to continue using Internet Access. For more information, see Introduction to credit-based licensing. Administration → Support No - © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base