---
id: java-api-reference
title: Java API reference
sidebar_label: Java API reference
description: Java API reference
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Java API reference An API reference for the Java SDK for Trend Vision One™ File Security AMaasClient AMaasClient class is the main class of the SDK and provides methods to use the AMaaS scanning services. Create a new instance of the AmaasClient class and provision essential settings including authentication/authorization credentials (API key), for example the preferred service region. public AMaasClient (String region, String apikey, long timeoutInSecs, boolean enabledTLS) throw AMaasException AMaaS Client Instance Parameters Parameter Description region The region corresponding to your API key. The provided value must be one of the Trend Vision One regions: ap-northeast-1 ap-south-1 ap-southeast-1 ap-southeast-2 eu-central-1 us-east-1 apikey Your Trend Vision One API Key. timeoutInSecs Timeout, in seconds, to cancel the server connection. The default is 0 with a maximum of 180 seconds. enabledTLS Enable or disable TLS. TLS should always be enabled when connecting to the AMaaS server. Return An AMaaS Client instance. Create instance Create a new instance of the AmaasClient class, and provisions essential settings, including authentication/authorization credentials (API key), preferred service region, etc. The enabledTLS is default to true. public AMaasClient(String region, String apiKey, long timeoutInSecs) throws AMaasException AMaasClient Instance Parameters Parameter Description region The region corresponding to your API key. The provided value must be one of the Trend Vision One regions: ap-northeast-1 ap-south-1 ap-southeast-1 ap-southeast-2 eu-central-1 us-east-1 apikey Your Trend Vision One API key timeoutInSecs Timeout, in seconds, to cancel the connection to the server. The default is 0 and the maximum is 180 seconds. Return An AMaasClient instance Scan file Scan a file for malware and retrieves response data from the API. public String scanFile(string fileName) throws AMaasException Parameters Parameter Description fileName The name of the file with the file directory path containing the file to scan. Return String the scanned result in JSON format. Scan buffer Scan a buffer for malware and retrieves response data from the API. public String scanBuffer(byte[] buffer, String identifier) throws AMaasException Parameters Parameter Description buffer The byte buffer to scan identifier A unique name to identify the buffer ReturnString the scanned result in JSON format. AmaasScanResult The AmaasScanResult has the data elements of the response data that is retrieved from the Trend Vision One™ API. The class has the following private members. Each of the members have getter and setter methods. public class AmaasScanResult { private String version; // API version private int scanResult; // Number of malwares found. A value of 0 means no malware was found private String scanId; // ID of the scan private String scanTimestamp; // Timestamp of the scan in ISO 8601 format private String fileName: // Name of the file scanned private MalwareItem[] foundMalwares; // A list of malware names and the filenames found by AMaaS // getter and seter methods for the above private variables. } MalwareItem The MalwareItem contains a detected malware information in the response data that is retrieved from our API. The class has the following private members. There are getter and setter methods for each of the members. public class MalwareItem { private String malwareName; // A detected Malware name private String fileName: // File name that the malware is detected. // getter and seter methods for the above private variables. } AMaasException The AMaasException class is the AMaaS SDK exception class. public final class AMaasException extends Exception { private AMaasErrorCode erroCode; public AMaasException(AMaasErrorCode erroCode, Object... params) { ... } } AMaasErrorCode AMaasErrorCode is a enum type containing all the error conditions thrown by the AMaasException class. Error Conditions Enum type Error message template Description MSG_ID_ERR_INVALID_REGION %s is not a supported region. The region code provided to the AMaasClient constructor is not a valid region. MSG_ID_ERR_MISSING_AUTH Must provide an API key to use the client. The API key provided to the AMaasClient constructor cannot be empty or null. MSG_ID_ERR_KEY_AUTH_FAILED You are not authenticated. Invalid C1 token or API key. The API key is invalid. Please make sure a correct Trend Vision One API key is used. MSG_ID_ERR_FILE_NOT_FOUND Failed to open file. No such directory or file %s. The given file cannot be found. Please make sure the file exists. MSG_ID_ERR_FILE_NO_PERMISSION Failed to open file. Permission denied to open %s. There is a file access permission issue. Please make sure the SDK has read permission to the file. MSG_ID_GRPC_ERROR Received gRPC status code %d, msg: %s. A gRPC error was reported with the status code. For details, see gRPC Status Codes. MSG_ID_ERR_UNEXPECTED_INTERRUPT Unexpected interrupt encountered. An unexpected interrupt signal was received at the client. Thread safety Both scanFile() and scanBuffer() are designed to be thread-safe. They should be able to invoke scanFile() concurrently from multiple threads without protecting scanFile() with mutex or other synchronization mechanisms. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base