---
id: jira-cloud-integration
title: Jira Cloud integration (for Case Management)
sidebar_label: Jira Cloud integration (for Case Management)
description: Jira Cloud integration (for Case Management)
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Jira Cloud integration (for Case Management) Configure bi-directional updates between Jira Cloud and Trend Vision One Case Management. Configuration requires a Jira administrator account. Procedure Download and install the Trend Vision One Connector from the Atlassian Marketplace. Follow the instructions in the marketplace installation. In Jira Cloud, go to Apps → Trend Vision One Connector. Configure the settings for fields and value mapping. Mapping enables Jira and Case Management to bi-directionally sync updates. On the Settings tab, select the Case Management field value and choose the equivalent Jira field value. Priority Mappings: Matches the case priority level in Case Management to the Jira ticket equivalent. For example, P1 in Case Management might equal Highest in Jira. Status Mappings; Matches the case status in Case Management to the Jira ticket equivalent. For example, Closed in Case Management might equal Done in Jira. Other Mappings: Matches other Case Management fields like Case ID, Description, or Attachment to equivalent fields in Jira. To move a row up, click . To move a row down, click . To delete a row, click Delete. Click Apply Changes. Create a user specifically for integration: Go to Settings → User Management. Add and configure a new user. Assign the following permissions to the integration user: Browse project Create issues Edit issues Assign issues Resolve issues Close issues Transition issues Add comments Edit own comments Delete own comments Create attachments For more information, see the Jira Cloud documentation. Manage the API token. Click the API tab. Enter the universal resource locator (URL) for Trend Vision One. Paste the API token from Trend Vision One. Click Test Connection. If the token is invalid, copy and paste a correct API token for Trend Vision One. If a connection error occurs, try again later. After verifying the connection, click Apply. To remove the connection between Jira and Case Management, click Revoke then click Yes to confirm. Create a ticket profile. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base