---
id: keyword-lists
title: Keyword lists
sidebar_label: Keyword lists
description: Keyword lists
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Keyword lists Learn details about keyword lists used in data loss prevention templates. Keywords are special words or phrases. You can add related keywords to a keyword list to identify specific types of data. For example, "prognosis", "blood type", "vaccination", and "physician" are keywords that may appear in a medical certificate. If you want to prevent the transmission of medical certificate files, you can use these keywords in a DLP policy and then configure data loss prevention to block files containing these keywords. Commonly used words can be combined to form meaningful keywords. For example, "end", "read", "if", and "at" can be combined to form keywords found in source codes, such as "END-IF", "END-READ", and "AT END". You can use predefined and customized keyword lists. For details, see Predefined keyword lists and Custom keyword lists. The following table outlines the actions available on the Keyword Lists tab. Action Description Add a customized keyword list Click Add and follow the instructions to add a customized keyword list. For more information, see Adding a custom file attribute list. Manage keyword lists Click to change the settings of a customized keyword list. Click to view the settings of a predefined keyword list. Click to duplicate a keyword list. This provides a convenient way of adding a new customized keyword list with settings similar to an existing keyword list. Click to delete a customized keyword list from Trend Vision One. To delete more than one customized keyword list, select the lists and click Delete in the upper left. Note Only the customized keyword list that is not in use by any DLP template can be deleted. Export keyword lists Click Export All to export all predefined and customized keyword lists to a XML file to your local machine. Import customized keyword lists Click Import to add customized keyword lists to Trend Vision One if you have a properly-formatted XML file containing the lists. You can generate the file by exporting the lists from the Trend Vision One console. Related information Predefined keyword lists How keyword lists work Custom keyword lists © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base