---
id: known-issues
title: Known issues
sidebar_label: Known issues
description: Known issues
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Known issues Email Messages with Do Not Forward Flag Not Scanned If a user composing an email chooses the Do not forward option from Options → Permission, Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection cannot scan email message contents. Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection Failed to Scan any Files in Microsoft 365 Services (Applicable to Access Grant Using a Delegate Account) Microsoft provides an option for administrators to choose whether to disable basic authentication requests and allow only modern authentication to access SharePoint Online/OneDrive, in the purpose of helping protect the services from brute force or password spray attacks. Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection uses basic authentication when accessing SharePoint Online/OneDrive services by using a Delegate Account, that is, combination of a username and a password. If the administrator enables basic authentication when granting access but disables it after that, Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection will not be able to pass the access control on the SharePoint Online/OneDrive side and scanning will fail. To ensure proper scanning by Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection, make sure to always enable basic authentication for SharePoint Online/OneDrive as follows: On the Microsoft 365 admin center page, go to Admin → Admin centers → SharePoint → access control, and click Allow under Control access from apps that don't use modern authentication. This issue does not affect Microsoft Teams. Newly Added Users Not Immediately Appearing on the Exchange Policy Configuration Page After registering Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection, newly added users will not immediately appear on the Exchange policy configuration page. Click Click here if you do not see new users when you create/update the Exchange Online policy. The page automatically updates after Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection synchronizes with Active Directory once per day. Newly Added SharePoint Site Not Appearing Immediately on the SharePoint Policy Configuration Page After registering Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection, newly added SharePoint sites will not immediately appear on the SharePoint policy configuration page. Click Click here if you do not see new sites when you create/update the SharePoint Online policy. The page automatically updates after Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection synchronizes with SharePoint Online once per day. Newly Added OneDrive, Box, Dropbox or Google Drive Users Not Appearing Immediately on the OneDrive, Box, Dropbox or Google Drive Policy Configuration Page After registering Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection, newly added OneDrive, Box, Dropbox or Google Drive users will not immediately appear on the OneDrive, Box, Dropbox or Google Drive policy configuration page. Click Click here if you do not see new OneDrive, Box, Dropbox or Google Drive users when you create or update the OneDrive, Box, Dropbox or Google Drive policy. The page automatically updates after Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection synchronizes with OneDrive, Box, Dropbox or Google Drive once per day. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base