---
id: kvm-network-settings
title: KVM network settings
sidebar_label: KVM network settings
description: KVM network settings
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 KVM network settings After successfully deploying your Virtual Network Sensor, configure your network based on your requirements. Once your Virtual Network Sensor has successfully connected to Network Inventory, use the table below to find the recommended configurations for your network environment based on your throughput and traffic type. Traffic type is determined by how data is passed from the monitored appliance to the Virtual Network Sensor: Internal traffic is passed from the monitored appliance to a Virtual Network Sensor on the same host system through a virtual switch (VSS/VDS). External traffic is passed from the monitored appliance to the Virtual Network Sensor via an external network switch. Generally, the monitored appliance is not on the same system as the Virtual Network Sensor, but can be in the case of monitoring VM-to-VM traffic or when using PCI passthrough. Before applying any recommended network settings to Open vSwitch mirror settings, you must first prepare a vSwitch. Important If your throughput is equal to or greater than 2 Gbps, using a PCI passthrough is recommended. Your data port must be able to connect to the internet. To determine which deployment scenario is best for your network security needs, see Map your deployment with KVM. Monitored Throughput Traffic Type Recommended Network Configuration Less than 2 Gbps Internal Set up Open vSwitch on the host system, utilizing the SPAN protocol For more information, see Configure internal network traffic with Open vSwitch (SPAN). External (VM-to-VM traffic) Enable ERSPAN on the Virtual Network Sensor For more information, see Configure external inter-VM traffic with ERSPAN (KVM host). External (external sources) Set up Open vSwitch on the host system, utilizing either the SPAN or RSPAN protocol To utilize SPAN, see Configure external network traffic with Open vSwitch (SPAN). To utilize RSPAN, see Configure external network traffic with Open vSwitch (RSPAN). Equal to or greater than 2 Gbps External Use PCI passthrough For more information, see Configure external network traffic with PCI passthrough (KVM host). © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base