---
id: license-calculated-credits-faqs
title: License entitlements calculated into credits - FAQs
sidebar_label: License entitlements calculated into credits - FAQs
description: License entitlements calculated into credits - FAQs
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 License entitlements calculated into credits - FAQs Answers to the most frequently asked questions about calculating license entitlements into Trend Vision One credits. Why are my license entitlements calculated into credits? Do I have to calculate my license entitlements into credits? How do I know I’m not losing any value when my licenses are converted to credits? Related information Why are my license entitlements calculated into credits? Do I have to calculate my license entitlements into credits? How do I know I’m not losing any value when my licenses are converted to credits? Why are my license entitlements calculated into credits? The calculation of your license entitlements into credits offers you visibility into how credit-based licensing works. Your license remains the same, but instead of receiving a fixed amount of units (license seats), you receive the equivalent value in Trend Vision One credits. You retain the same value and utility as the original units, but with added benefits. Benefits of credits: Reallocate any unused entitlements associated with your license: These display as available credits. You are free to allocate your available credits to any other supported feature of Trend Vision One. For a complete list of Trend Vision One features supporting credits, see Credit requirements for Trend Vision One solutions, capabilities, and features. Try other XDR sensors and Trend Vision One apps: You can reallocate credits from existing solutions if you want to try other supported solutions in Trend Vision One. Choose to retain your current allocation: While credits offer you added flexibility, you can decide whether to use that option. You can leave the credits allocated to the current offerings and ensure that there is no change to your current experience. Do I have to calculate my license entitlements into credits? The entitlements are automatically calculated into credits, but this conversion does not impact your current licenses or deployments, nor your future renewal process. You can choose to renew as normal on your standard subscription SKU, and the credit calculation occurs automatically each time. Important While credits offer you added flexibility to reallocate resources, you can decide whether to use that option. How do I know I’m not losing any value when my licenses are converted to credits? Calculating your existing entitlements into credits does not impact your current licenses or deployments. You continue to be entitled to everything you have with your current license. The intent is to offer added value, such as allowing you to adjust credit allocations on-demand, which eliminates underutilized licenses and fixed license counts for particular features of Trend Vision One and supports easier, broader feature adoption. This improvement helps ensure you fully capitalize on your investment in Trend Micro. How do you determine how many credits I will get for my current entitlements? Credits are automatically calculated based on the type and total number of XDR sensors or purchased units of other supported Trend Vision One services. For precise valuations per product, see License entitlements calculated into credits. Tip The Credits & Billing app in the Trend Vision One console displays an always-current view of your credit balance and credit distribution details. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base