---
id: list-dir-policies
title: Create a list of directories for use in policies
sidebar_label: Create a list of directories for use in policies
description: Create a list of directories for use in policies
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Create a list of directories for use in policies You can create lists of directory paths so that you can use them in multiple policies. A single list is easier to manage than several identical lists that are each created in a different policy. The most common use cases for these lists are for Anti-Malware scan inclusions or exclusions. For more information, see Configure malware scan inclusions and Configure malware scan exclusions. To create a directory list that is similar to an existing one, duplicate the list and then edit it. The following table describes the syntax for defining directory list items. The use of forward slashes and backslashes is supported for both Windows and Linux conventions. Directory Format Description Examples Directory DIRECTORY Includes all files in the specified directory and all files in all subdirectories. C:\Program Files\ Includes all files in the "Program Files" directory and all subdirectories. Network Resource \\NETWORK RESOURCE Includes files on a computer included as a network resource on a targeted computer. \\12.34.56.78\ \\some-comp-name\ Includes all files on a network resource (and its subfolders) identified using an IP or a hostname. \\12.34.56.78\somefolder\ \\some-comp-name\somefolder\ Includes all files in the folder "somefolder" and its subfolders on a network resource identified using an IP or a hostname. Directory with wildcard (*) DIRECTORY\*\ Includes any subdirectories with any subdirectory name, but does not include the files in the specified directory. C:\abc\*\ Includes all files in all subdirectories of "abc" but does not include the files in the "abc" directory. C:\abc\wx*z\ Matches: C:\abc\wxz\ C:\abc\wx123z\ Does not match: C:\abc\wxz C:\abc\wx123z C:\abc\*wx\ Matches: C:\abc\wx\ C:\abc\123wx\ Does not match: C:\abc\wx C:\abc\123wx Directory with wildcard (*) DIRECTORY\* Includes any subdirectories with a matching name, but does not include the files in that directory and any subdirectories. C:\abc\* Matches: C:\abc\ C:\abc\1 C:\abc\123 Does not match: C:\abc C:\abc\123\ C:\abc\123\456 C:\abx\ C:\xyz\ C:\abc\*wx Matches: C:\abc\wx C:\abc\123wx Does not match: C:\abc\wx\ C:\abc\123wx\ C:\abc\wx*z Matches: C:\abc\wxz C:\abc\wx123z Does not match: C:\abc\wxz\ C:\abc\wx123z\ C:\abc\wx* Matches: C:\abc\wx C:\abc\wx\ C:\abc\wx12 C:\abc\wx12\345\ C:\abc\wxz\ Does not match: C:\abc\wx123z\ Environment variable ${ENV VAR} Includes all files and subdirectories defined by an environment variable with the format ${ENV VAR}. For a Virtual Appliance, the value pairs for the environment variable must be defined in Policy or Computer Editor > Settings > General > Environment Variable Overrides. ${windir} If the variable resolves to "c:\windows", Includes all the files in "c:\windows" and all its subdirectories.< /td> Comments DIRECTORY #Comment Allows you to add comments to your inclusion definitions. c:\abc #Include the abc directory Click Policies → Common Objects → Lists → Directory Lists. Click New → New Directory List. Type a name and, optionally, a description. In the Directory(s) list, add the directory paths, one per line. Click OK. Import and export directory lists You can export one or more directory lists to an XML or CSV file, and import lists from an XML file. Click Policies → Common Objects → Lists → Directory Lists. To export one or more lists, select them and click Export → Export Selected to CSV or Export → Export Selected to XML. To export all lists, click Export → Export to CSV or Export → Export to XML. To import lists, click New → Import From File and follow the instructions on the wizard. See which policies use a directory list It is useful to see which policies use a directory list to be aware of which policies are affected by any changes you make. For example, you can ensure no policies use a directory list before deleting it. Click Policies → Common Objects → Lists → Directory Lists. Select the directory list and click Properties. Click the Assigned To tab. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base