---
id: local-accounts
title: Local accounts
sidebar_label: Local accounts
description: Local accounts
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Local accounts In addition to SSO using existing credentials, an local account is another way for end users to access the End User Console. On Administration → End User Management → Local Accounts screen, Cloud Email Gateway Protection allows you to manage the local accounts of end users that belong to the managed domains. The local accounts can be registered by either administrators or end users. Local Accounts Screen Tasks Steps Adding a local account Note Before adding local accounts for end users, make sure you have enabled local account logon for end users. For details, see Configuring local account logon. Type an email address and click Add. Note Make sure the email address meets the following requirements: Belongs to one of the managed domains Is a valid recipient of a managed domain when the recipient filter is enabled for the domain The email address appears in the local account list below. The email address will receive a password reset message for the local account. After the end user resets the password, they can use the account to log on to the End User Console. Deleting local accounts Select one or multiple local accounts and click Delete. Note To delete a primary account that manages other accounts, remove the account management relationships first. For details, see Removing end user managed accounts. On the Delete End User screen, click OK. The local accounts are removed from the local account lists and can no longer log on to the End User Console. Importing local accounts Note Before adding local accounts for end users, make sure you have enabled local account logon for end users. For details, see Configuring local account logon. Click Import. (Optional) Click Download sample file to download the sample file for reference or import. On the Import End Users screen, click Choose File... and select a CSV file that contains the end user accounts to import. You can click Download sample file to download a sample CSV file for reference or use it to import accounts. Make sure the CSV file meet the following requirements: The file size does not exceed 1 MB. The email addresses belong to the managed domains. The email addresses are the valid recipients of a managed domain when the recipient filter is enabled for the domain. Click Preview to preview the import result. Click Import. The email addresses imported successfully appear in the local account list below. The email addresses will receive a password reset message for the local accounts. After the end users reset the password, they can use the accounts to log on to the End User Console. Exporting local accounts Click Export All. All local accounts are exported to a CSV file. Enabling or disabling local accounts Click (enabled) or (disabled) to toggle the status of a local account, and then click OK in the confirmation dialog box. Note You cannot enable or disable managed accounts. Enabled accounts can log on to the End User Console while disabled accounts cannot. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base