---
id: macOS-agent-august-2025-update
title: Trend Vision One Endpoint Security agent August 2025 update - macOS
sidebar_label: Trend Vision One Endpoint Security agent August 2025 update - macOS
description: Trend Vision One Endpoint Security agent August 2025 update - macOS
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Trend Vision One Endpoint Security agent August 2025 update - macOS August 6, 2025—Trend Vision One Endpoint Security agent version 202508 includes security enhancements, bug fixes, and feature releases. Updates to individual components and agent modules may follow different batch release schedules. This update includes the following changes: Agent program services package (Endpoint Basecamp) 1.2.525 XBCAgent.app ws_communicator.app PreCheck.app SilentInstaller.app Endpoint Sensor version 1.2.525 Standard Endpoint Protection version 3.5.8060 Detailed release notes: New features Standard Endpoint Protection: Adds the quarantine file path and SHA-256 information to the detection results in Data Explorer. Enhancements Update allows enabling of Data Detection and Response / Data Security Sensor without needing to enable Endpoint Sensor. Update enhances Attack Surface Discovery data collection to include additional hardware information. Standard Endpoint Protection: Removes the Diagnostic Tool UI from the web console. Standard Endpoint Protection: Enhances protection capabilities of Behavior Monitoring to detect and block malicious activity originating from a valid driver. Standard Endpoint Protection: Updates the ofcntcer.dat file. Standard Endpoint Protection: Enables removal of specific outdated components from the agent folder. Standard Endpoint Protection: Updates the debug log to enhance agent processes on x86 platforms. Standard Endpoint Protection: Updates the Virus Scan Engine (VSAPI) to version 25.560.1004 to enhance memory and file scans. Standard Endpoint Protection: Updates the Advanced Threat Scan Engine (ATSE) to version 25.560.1004 to enhance memory and file scans. Bug fixes and resolved issues Standard Endpoint Protection: Fixes an issue that causes excessive memory usage when Behavior Monitoring is enabled. Standard Endpoint Protection: Resolved—When configuring scan exceptions, the system might create duplicate entries. Standard Endpoint Protection: Fixes an issue related to the agent update process that might prevent agents from performing updates. Standard Endpoint Protection: Resolved—When the Ntrtscan.exe process becomes unresponsive, the agent console might display the "Protection at Risk" status. Standard Endpoint Protection: Resolved—Sometimes the agent driver (tmnciesc.sys) might become unresponsive. Standard Endpoint Protection: Fixes an issue related to Data Loss Prevention which might prevent the system from applying the approved list for the SMB channel. Standard Endpoint Protection: Fixes an issue related to Data Loss Prevention which might prevent the agent from checking compressed files in email messages. Release schedule: Batch 1: August 6, 2025 Batch 2: August 13, 2025 Batch 3: August 20, 2025 © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base