---
id: managing-email-account-inventory
title: Managing the email account inventory
sidebar_label: Managing the email account inventory
description: Managing the email account inventory
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Managing the email account inventory Perform actions and set policies for email accounts in the Email Asset Inventory app. When accessing the Email Asset Inventory app, you can click on any of the Available Actions or items in the Email Asset Inventory section of the left panel to display a list of associated email accounts. From this view, you can perform several actions. Action Description View email account details Click on an email account to open the Detailed Profile screen The Detailed Profile screen consists of two tabs. Basic: Provides basic information about the email account such as the associated email address, managing protection solution, and if email sensor detection is enabled for the email account. Policy: Provides an overview of enabled policies. Click Manage Policy to configure your policy settings. Manage policies Select one or more email accounts and click Manage Policy to configure policy settings For more information on configuring policy settings, see the following topics depending on your security environment: For managing policies and key features with Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection, see Managing email account policies with Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection. For deploying Advanced Threat Protection (ATP) policies with Cloud App Security, see Deploying policies for email accounts with Cloud App Security. For enabling key features with Cloud App Security, see Enabling key features for email accounts with Cloud App Security. Related information Managing email account policies with Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection Deploying policies for email accounts with Cloud App Security Enabling key features for email accounts with Cloud App Security © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base