---
id: manage-policies-cecp
title: Managing email account policies with Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection
sidebar_label: Managing email account policies with Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection
description: Managing email account policies with Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Managing email account policies with Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection Protect the email accounts in your email service by deploying Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection policies to the accounts. Deploy Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection policies to email accounts to provide complete protection over your email assets. You can view the total number of email accounts without assigned policies from Cyber Risk Overview by going to Cyber Risk Overview → Security Configuration → Email Security and reviewing the widgets. On the Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection widget, click on the total number of email accounts with no policy to open a list in Email Asset Inventory of email accounts without Advanced Threat Protection (ATP) policies enabled. On the Key Feature Adoption Rates widget, expand a feature and click on the number of email accounts with either the Partially enabled or Disabled status to open a list of those email accounts in Email Asset Inventory. Otherwise, you can use the Add filters icon () in Email Asset Inventory to locate email accounts you want to deploy or manage policy settings. Procedure Go to Email and Collaboration Security Operations → Email Asset Inventory. Locate and select the target email accounts. Click Manage Policy. The Manage Policy screen opens. In the Manage Policy screen, select the policies to manage or deploy. For email accounts without an Advanced Thread Protection policy enabled, choose one of the following options. Option Description Enable the default ATP policy Enables the default ATP policy in Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection immediately Select the option and click Enable Default ATP Policy. The default ATP policy protects all the accounts in your organization, including the selected accounts. It has the lowest priority and does not affect the protection you have configured for other accounts. Configure custom ATP policies Allows you to add the selected accounts to existing custom policies or create a new policy for the these accounts Select the option and click Go to ATP Policies to open the Advanced Threat Protection policies list in a new browser tab. Choose an existing policy or create a new policy to add the target email accounts to. For more information, see Policies. For email accounts with partially enabled or disabled key features, click the Update policy link to open the listed policy in a new browser tab. Modify the policy to enable the relevant feature. For more information, see Policies. The Email Asset Inventory screen might take a few minutes to synchronize the new status. Click the refresh icon () to view the updated status. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base