---
id: managed-mobile-apps
title: Managed Mobile Apps
sidebar_label: Managed Mobile Apps
description: Managed Mobile Apps
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Managed Mobile Apps Manage the apps used by your organization for work purposes As part of the MDM functionality provided, Mobile Device Director enables you to install and control the mobile apps used in your organization. You can assign the app to groups and configure app settings, such as the availability of an app to specific end users, the app install type, and app permissions to access device features. The following table outlines the actions available on the Managed Mobile Apps screen (Mobile Security → Managed Mobile Apps). Action Description Add managed mobile apps Add apps you want to manage for your users and configure the apps. For Android devices, see Configure managed mobile apps for Android devices. For iOS/iPadOS devices, see Configure managed mobile apps for iOS/iPadOS devices. Edit managed mobile apps Click an app name to edit the app assignment and settings. View managed mobile apps View the list of apps under your management, including the app name, the supported platform, the source app store, whether the app has been assigned, and when your configuration for the app was updated. Delete managed mobile apps Click the trash icon () to remove a managed mobile app. Search for managed mobile apps Select the type of apps to search for and type the app name. Push managed mobile apps to devices Click the icon to push managed mobile apps to target devices where the apps are not installed. Mobile Security automatically pushes an app to devices when you have completed adding assignments for the app. If the app does not install on certain target devices, you can manually trigger app push again using this button. Configure installation settings Click the settings icon () and select whether to allow your users to install any Managed Google Play apps. By default, users can only access the Managed Google Play apps made available to them. For iOS users, they can access any apps in the Apple App Store. Related information Configure managed mobile apps for Android devices Configure managed mobile apps for iOS/iPadOS devices © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base