---
id: managing-quarantine
title: Managing quarantine
sidebar_label: Managing quarantine
description: Managing quarantine
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Managing quarantine Procedure Search the quarantine. Perform the following operations. Action Description Restore an email message or file Select the check box of one or several items on the left side of each row, and then click Restore. The email messages or files are allowed to pass to the user. Download an email message or file in Office 365 Select the check box of an item on the left side of the row, and then click Download. A confirmation screen appears. Note A maximum of 10 email messages or files can be downloaded at a time. Click OK. The email message or file is downloaded through the web browser, with a file name in the following format to better distinguish multiple downloads: <timestamp>_<email subject or file name>_<affected user's name>. If multiple items are selected, the information of the item with the latest timestamp will be used as the downloaded file name. Note For some quarantined items that Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection thinks to have contained malicious content, you can optionally select the Use a password to protect the downloaded file check box, type a password and confirm it in the Password and Confirm password text boxes for security reasons. If multiple items are selected, you will be asked to set a password before downloading when there is at least one item considered as malicious. Download a file in Box, Dropbox, or Google Drive Select the check box of an item on the left side of the row, and then click Download. A confirmation screen appears. Click OK. You will be redirected to the corresponding service console. Note Make sure you have already logged on with your administrator credentials of the service, and then click Download on the console to download the file(s). Download an email message in Gmail Select the check box of an item on the left side of the row, and then click Download. A confirmation screen appears. Note One Gmail message can be downloaded at a time. Click OK. Delete an email message or file Select the check box of one or several items on the left side of each row, and then click Delete. The email messages or files are purged from the Quarantine. They cannot be restored. Delete all email messages older than a specific number of days Specify the number of days to keep quarantined items within that period. Any quarantined messages or files older than the specified period automatically purge. Sort email messages or files Sort the quarantined email messages or files in ascending or descending order in either of the following ways: Click the title area of either column as necessary. Click the down arrow at the right of the title area of either column, and then click Sort Ascending or Sort Descending as necessary. To cancel the current sorting, click the title area of another column to re-sort the items, or click the down arrow at the right of the title area and then click Remove Sort. To hide a column, click the down arrow at the right of its title area, and then click Hide Column. To unhide a hidden column, click the title area of another column. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base