---
id: managing-address-groups
title: Managing address groups
sidebar_label: Managing address groups
description: Managing address groups
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Managing address groups Creating an address group facilitates your policy management. You can use Address Groups screen to manage address groups in Cloud Email Gateway Protection. Address Groups Screen Tasks Steps Querying Address Groups Specify an address group name, an email address, or a domain name. Click Search. Note For Email, make sure you specify the exact email address or use wildcards (*) to represent the local part, domain, or subdomain. For more information about the valid formats, see the table below. The search returns a range of relevant results. For example, searching for name@*.example.com can return name@info.example.com, name@*.example.com, name@*.com, name@*, *@info.example.com, *@*.example.com, and *@*.com. Adding an Address Group Click Add. In the Basic Information section, provide the following information: Name: A name for the address group. Description (optional): A description for the address group. Internal group (optional): An address group that only contains managed domains or email addresses that belong to managed domains. Important You must use internal groups when specifying senders (or sender exceptions) in outbound policies or recipients (or recipient exceptions) in inbound policies. In the Email Addresses section, choose either of the following ways to specify the email addresses in the address group: Specify the email address and its description, and click Add. Note Only one email address can be added at a time. For more information about the valid formats of the email addresses, see the table below. The maximum length of the description is 1024 characters. Import email addresses. Click Import. Next to File location, browse and select a CSV file to import. You can click Download sample file to view a sample of a properly formatted file. Cloud Email Gateway Protection checks all the entries in the selected file to identify any invalid and duplicate email addresses as well as overlong descriptions. After you confirm all the entries to be imported, click Import. To search for email addresses, type an email address or domain name and click Search. Note Make sure you specify the exact email address or use wildcards (*) to represent the local part, domain, or subdomain. For more information about the valid formats, see the table below. The search returns a range of relevant results. For example, searching for name@*.example.com can return name@info.example.com, name@*.example.com, name@*.com, name@*, *@info.example.com, *@*.example.com, and *@*.com. Click Submit. Editing an Address Group In the Address Groups list, click the name of the group you want to edit and follow the instructions in Adding an Address Group procedure in this table. Note A hybrid address group cannot be changed into an internal group if the group contains at least one wildcard domain member. Deleting Address Groups In the Address Groups list, select the groups to delete. Click Delete, and click OK to confirm. Note Only address groups that are not referenced by any policies can be deleted. The following table displays format examples for address groups: Format Examples for Address Groups Valid for Internal Address Group Valid for Hybrid Address Group name@example.com name@info.example.com name@example.com name@info.example.com *@example.com *@info.example.com *@example.com *@info.example.com name@* name@*.example.com *@*.example.com © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base