---
id: managed-xdr-mdr-case-list
title: MDR (Managed XDR) case list
sidebar_label: MDR (Managed XDR) case list
description: MDR (Managed XDR) case list
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ MDR (Managed XDR) case list Interact with the Trend Micro Managed Services team from within Case Management. You can get incident alerts and recommended remediation actions, as well as provide additional case information. The MDR tab in Case Management displays the cases that the Trend Micro Managed Services team has opened for you. Important The MDR tab is only available for Managed Services customers. The following table outlines the options available in the MDR tab of Case Management (Workflow and Automation → Case Management). Action Description Filter case data Use the available menus and the search bar to locate specific MDR cases. MDR Status: The current status of your MDR case in the Business Success Portal (BSP). Action required: The Trend Micro Managed Services team identified a situation that requires your intervention. After resolving the situation, return the case to the MDR team from Case Viewer. Investigation in progress: The Trend Micro Managed Services team is investigating the incident. Status: The status of the MDR case in Case Management. To do () In progress () Closed () Findings: The findings of the MDR case. True positive: The investigation confirmed the occurrence of threats or malicious activities. False positive: No malicious activity found. Benign true positive: The investigation confirmed the presence of a genuine threat that poses no risk to the organization. Benign true positives are the result of penetration tests or other legitimate activities in your environment. Noteworthy: Trend Vision One detected unusual activity that requires more investigation. -: The investigation has no findings. Export cases to a CSV file Select the cases and click to create a report of the cases' data. Case Management saves the data to a comma-separated value (CSV) file. You can also view and download the file in the Reports app. Customize columns Click to choose which columns display in Case Management. Refresh data Click to retrieve the latest case information. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base