---
id: manage-synced-eo-user-list
title: Managing synchronized user list for Exchange Online
sidebar_label: Managing synchronized user list for Exchange Online
description: Managing synchronized user list for Exchange Online
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Managing synchronized user list for Exchange Online Continue to synchronize new users or remove synchronized users after you have granted Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection access to Exchange Online. Note This feature is available only if you choose to synchronize selected users during the access granting. The following table outlines the options available in the Synchronized User List for Exchange Online screen. Option Description Add users to synchronize to the list Click Add. Note A maximum of 100 users is supported in the list. The Add button is disabled when the limit is reached. In the Add User dialog that appears, specify the users you want to synchronize. In the Available Targets area, specify individual users or select users from groups. By user: specify the exact user principal name of a user and press Enter to verify and display the user name. By group: specify at least the first three characters of the group name and press Enter to search for and display the available groups. Select the desired users and click the arrow button to add them to the Selected Targets area. You can synchronize a maximum of 100 users. Click Save. The selected users are synchronized to Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection. You can add them as targets in policies to protect their email service. Delete synchronized users from the list Select one or several users, and click Delete. Confirm that you understand the impact of deleting synchronized users, and click Delete. Deleting users permanently removes them from Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection, and their email service will no longer be protected. You can still add the users back when needed. Import users to synchronize to the list Prepare a file for import that meets the following requirements: The file must be in .txt format. Each line in the file should contain only one User Principal Name (UPN). The file can contain a maximum of 100 UPNs. Click Import. In the Import users dialog, click Select file and choose a file from your local machine to upload. Click Import. Allow up to 5 minutes for synchronization, and then refresh the screen to view the latest user list. Duplicate users will be overwritten. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base