---
id: managing-wrs-approved-list
title: Managing the Web Reputation approved list
sidebar_label: Managing the Web Reputation approved list
description: Managing the Web Reputation approved list
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Managing the Web Reputation approved list The Web Reputation Approved List provides you a way to bypass scanning and blocking of URLs that you considered safe. When URLs match the domains, IP addresses, or URLs specified in the Web Reputation Approved List, the URLs will not be scanned by Time-of-Click Protection and Virtual Analyzer. You can configure whether to bypass Web Reputation Services as well. Procedure Enable the Web Reputation Approved List. Create or edit an inbound or outbound spam policy. For details about configuring a policy, see Configuring policies. Click the Scanning Criteria tab. Select and click Web reputation. Under Web Reputation Approved List, select the Enable the Web Reputation Approved List check box. Manage the Web Reputation Approved List. The Web Reputation Approved List is available in the following path: Administration → Policy Objects → Web Reputation Approved List Action Description Search for an item Type a domain name, IP address, or URL in the Item text box, or select a type from the Type drop-down box, and click Search. Add an item Click Add. The Add Item screen appears. Specify Domain, IP address, or URL as the type. Type a domain, IP address, or URL. Note Specify a domain in one of the following formats: example.com subdomain.example.com *.example.com This format matches all the subdomains under the example.com domain, for example, a.example.com, a.b.example.com. (Optional) Description: Provide a description. Select whether to bypass Web Reputation Services. Note This item always bypasses Time-of-Click Protection and Virtual Analyzer scanning. Click Save. Edit an item Click an item in the Item column. On the Edit Item screen, change the description or select whether to bypass Web Reputation Services. Click Save. Import items Click Import. On the Import Items screen, click Choose File and select a CSV file to import. You can click Download sample file to download the file for reference or use it for import. Make sure the CSV file meets the following requirements: The file size does not exceed 2 MB. Column A (item), column C (item type), and Column D (whether to bypass Web Reputation Services) are all filled. Select Merge or Overwrite as the import option. Click Preview. After you confirm all the entries to be imported, click Import. Delete items Select one or multiple items from the existing list and click Delete. Click OK to confirm your deletion. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base