---
id: manage-container-protection
title: Manage Container Protection
sidebar_label: Manage Container Protection
description: Manage Container Protection
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Manage Container Protection Container Protection allows you to apply other protection modules to your containers. These modules are: Real-time scan Firewall Intrusion protection Note May require additional licensing or credits to enable. Contact your sales representative. Apply real-time scan This applies the real-time anti-malware scan that you have configured in the Anti-Malware module. By default, this functionality is Off. For more information on real-time scans, see About Anti-Malware. Procedure In the Computer or Policy editor, go to Settings → Container Protection. Go to the Real-time Scan section. From the Scan and monitor container file activities in real time drop-down, select: No to turn off real-time scanning. Yes to turn on real-time scanning. Click Save to save your changes. Next steps Apply your firewall settings This applies your firewall settings to your container network traffic. By default, this functionality is Off. For more information on firewalls, see About Firewall Procedure In the Computer or Policy editor, go to Settings → Container Protection. Go to the Firewall section. From the Scan container network traffic drop-down, select: No to turn off the firewall protection. Yes to turn on the firewall protection. Click Save to save your changes. Next steps Apply your intrusion prevention settings This allows you to apply your intrusion protection rules. By default, this functionality is Off. For more information on intrusion protection, see About Intrusion Protection. Procedure In the Computer or Policy editor, go to Settings → Container Protection. Go to the Container Protection section. From the Scan container network traffic drop-down, select: No to turn off intrusion protection. Yes to turn on intrusion protection. Click Save to save your changes. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base