---
id: managing-amazon-ecs-policies
title: Managing Amazon ECS policies
sidebar_label: Managing Amazon ECS policies
description: Managing Amazon ECS policies
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Managing Amazon ECS policies Container Security policies for Amazon ECS clusters contain runtime rules that you can apply to entire clusters. Important Policy configuration for Kubernetes clusters differs greatly from a Amazon ECS environment. To properly configure Kubernetes protection policies, see Managing Kubernetes protection policies. Procedure Go to Cloud Security → Container Security → Configuration. Click the Policy tab. Create, duplicate, or modify a policy. To create a new policy, click New. To duplicate an existing policy: Click to select the base policy from the policy list. Click Duplicate. Container Protection creates a copy of the existing policy and appends "Policy" to the policy name. To modify an existing policy, click the policy in the policy list. For new and duplicated policies, specify a unique policy name. Note Policy names must not contain spaces and only support alphanumeric characters, underscores (_), and periods (.). You cannot modify the policy name after creating the policy. To provide more detail about the purpose for the policy, use the Description field. The description appears under the policy name in the policy list. To receive CREM Risk Insights, Workbench alerts, and use the Search app to investigate security threats throughout your network environment, turn on XDR Telemetry. Trend Vision One can correlate and assess XDR telemetry data across all configured data sources to provide insights into your network's security and risk posture. Amazon ECS policies do not support Deployment or Continuous policies. Define the cluster-wide rules that apply while a pod is running by clicking the Runtime tab. The runtime policy consists of the rulesets you create on the Rulesets tab. Click Add Ruleset. Select the checkbox of the ruleset you want to apply to the policy. Click Submit. Amazon ECS policies do not support namespace (NamespacedPolicyDefinition) policies. Click Create or Save. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base