---
id: managing-policy-rules
title: Managing policy rules
sidebar_label: Managing policy rules
description: Managing policy rules
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Managing policy rules Policy rules are the means by which messaging policies are applied to message traffic in Cloud Email Gateway Protection. At any time, administrators can see the policy rules that apply to their organizations, and make changes to the policy rules that comprise their policy, rename the policy rules, query the policy rules, reorder the policy rules, and create new policy rules. Each policy rule can be disabled if desired without losing its definition, and re-enabled at a later time. Policy Rule Tasks Task Step Adding Policy Rules Tip A new policy rule may be similar to the one you already have. In this case, it is easier to copy the policy rule and edit it rather than create a new policy rule from scratch. Click Add. Define the basic information about the policy rule (rule name, whether it is enabled or not, and notes about the rule). See Naming and enabling a policy rule. Select the address(es), domains(s) or group(s) that the policy rule applies to. See Specifying recipients and senders. Select and configure criteria. See About policy rule scanning criteria. Select and configure actions. See About policy rule actions. Copying Policy Rules In the policy rule list, select the rule or rules to copy. Click Copy. Editing Policy Rules In the policy rule list, click the name of the rule you want to edit and follow the procedures in the Adding Policy Rules task. Reordering Policy Rules In the policy rule list, do either of the following to reorder policy rules: Click the up or down arrow button to move policy rules up or down. Double-click the order number of a policy rule in the Order column and specify a new order number for the policy rule. See Reordering policy rules. Enabling or Disabling Policy Rules In the policy rule list, click the icon to the left of the rule name to enable or disable the policy rule. Deleting Policy Rules In the policy rule list, select the rule or rules to delete. Click Delete. Querying Policy Rules Use the following criteria to perform a policy rule query: Sender: Specify a sender address to search for policy rules that match this address. Recipient: Specify a recipient address to search for policy rules that match this address. Note For Sender and Recipient, the supported formats are name@info.example.com, *@example.com and *@info.example.com. Wildcard domain is not supported in query. Rule: Specify a policy rule name to search for policy rules that match this name. Status: Select Enabled or Disabled to search for policy rules in the specific status. Note For content filtering policy rules, Criteria type is provided to narrow down the search results by certain types of criteria. Level: Select Organization or User/Group to search for policy rules at the specific level. Migration status: Select Error, Warning, or Fixed/Confirmed/Successful to search for policy rules in the specific status. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base