---
id: manage-approved-blocked-ips
title: Managing approved and blocked IP addresses
sidebar_label: Managing approved and blocked IP addresses
description: Managing approved and blocked IP addresses
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Managing approved and blocked IP addresses You can configure approved and blocked lists at the IP address or country/region level. The following table lists the tasks available to manage approved and blocked IP addresses. Note Tasks that apply to IP addresses also apply to IPv4 address / CIDR blocks. Tasks Location Steps Bypassing Spam Detection Only the Approved IP Address tab Select Bypass spam detection for approved IP addresses. Searching IP Addresses The Approved IP Address tab The Blocked IP Address tab Type an IP address in the search box. Click Search. Note The search box has an auto-complete feature that you can use to manually type a CIDR block. In detail, Cloud Email Gateway Protection autocompletes your input based on the CIDR addressing format if you accidentally type only the first several octets of an IP address before clicking Search. For example, if you type 16 and click Search, Cloud Email Gateway Protection automatically changes your input into 16.0.0.0/8 and lists all IP addresses whose first octet is 16. Adding an IP Address Click Add. Specify the IP address and type a description. Click Save. Editing an IP Address Click an IP address. Change the IP address or modify its description. Deleting IP Addresses Select one or more IP addresses. Click Delete, and click OK to confirm. Importing IP Addresses Click Import. Next to File location, browse and select a CSV file to import. Cloud Email Gateway Protection verifies the file size and total number of lines in the file, and checks all the entries in the selected file to identify any invalid or conflicting IP addresses. After you confirm all the entries to be imported, click Import. Exporting IP Addresses Click Export to export the approved or blocked IP addresses to a CSV file. The following table lists the tasks available to manage approved and blocked countries/regions. Tasks Location Steps Adding an Approved Country/Region The Approved Country/Region tab Add one or more countries/regions to the list on the right. Click Save. Adding a Blocked Country/Region The Blocked Country/Region tab Select Select Country/Region to Block, and add one or more countries/regions to the list on the right. Click Save. Adding Exceptions to Blocked Countries/Regions Select Block All Countries/Regions Except, and add one or more countries/regions to the list on the right. Click Save. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base