---
id: manual-scan-targets
title: "Manual Scan: Target Tab"
sidebar_label: "Manual Scan: Target Tab"
description: "Manual Scan: Target Tab"
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Manual Scan: Target Tab Procedure In the Files to Scan section, select from the following: All scannable files: Includes all scannable files. Unscannable files are password protected files, encrypted files, or files that exceed the user-defined scanning restrictions. Note This option provides the maximum security possible. However, scanning every file requires a lot of time and resources and might be redundant in some situations. Therefore, you might want to limit the amount of files the agent includes in the scan. File types scanned by IntelliScan: Scans files based on true-file type. Files with the following extensions (use commas to separate entries): Manually specify the files to scan based on their extensions. Separate multiple entries with commas. Note When configuring a parent policy, specify how other users can configure child policies. Inherit from parent: Child policies must use the settings configured in the parent policy Extend from parent: Child policies can append additional settings to the settings inherited from the parent policy In the Scan Settings section, configure the required settings. Setting Description Scan hidden folders Allows the Trend Vision One Endpoint Security agent to detect and then scan hidden folders on the endpoint Scan network drive Scans directories physically located on other endpoints, but mapped to the local endpoint Scan compressed files Scans the specified number of compression layers within an archived file Note Scanning through more layers may detect malware intentionally buried within a compressed archive, however, the scan may affect system performance. Scan OLE objects Scans the specified number of Object Linking and Embedding (OLE) layers in a file Detect exploit code in OLE files: OLE Exploit Detection heuristically identifies malware by checking Microsoft Office files for exploit code. Note The specified number of layers is applicable to both the Scan OLE objects and Detect exploit code in OLE files options. Scan boot area Scans the boot sector of the hard disk on the endpoint for virus/malware In the CPU Usage section, select from the following: High: No pausing between scans Medium: Pause between file scans if CPU consumption is higher than 50%, and do not pause if 50% or lower Low: Pause between file scans if CPU consumption is higher than 20%, and do not pause if 20% or lower © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base