---
id: manually-uninstall-windows-agents
title: Manually uninstall Server & Workload Protection from Windows
sidebar_label: Manually uninstall Server & Workload Protection from Windows
description: Manually uninstall Server & Workload Protection from Windows
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Manually uninstall Server & Workload Protection from Windows Manually remove Server & Workload Protection features or a Deep Security agent from a Windows endpoint. The steps contained within this guide only remove Server & Workload Protection features or deployed Deep Security agents. If you are attempting to remove the Trend Vision One Endpoint Security agent from a Windows endpoint, use the uninstall tool to ensure a clean and complete removal. Uninstall Windows Agents with the Tool Uninstall Windows Agents with Microsoft Intune You can use the following steps to manually remove Server & Workload Protection functions or a connected Deep Security agent from your Windows endpoints. Note If you are manually removing Server & Workload Protection or uninstalling a Deep Security agent, the agent does not notify your Protection Managers when uninstalling. The affected endpoint appears on the Computers page with a status of "Managed (Offline)" or similar. To resolve the issue: Deactivate the agent before you uninstall Server & Workload Protection, or Delete the computer from the list after you uninstall Server & Workload Protection. Procedure Before you uninstall, disable agent self-protection. In the Trend Vision One console, access your Server & Workload Protection Manager. Go to Computers and double click on the endpoint you want to uninstall Server & Workload Protection. In the Computer editor, go to Settings → General. Configure Agent Self Protection. To allow the agent to disable Agent Self Protection, configure one of the following: Set Prevent local end-users from uninstalling, stopping, or otherwise modifying the Agent to No. Set Local override requires password to Yes and provide a password. Click Save. Deactivate the agent in Server & Workload Protection. Go to Computers. Right click the target endpoint and select Actions → Deactivate. If you are unable to deactivate the agent because Server & Workload Protection is unable to communicate with the agent, open PowerShell on the endpoint and run the command: C:\Program Files\Trend Micro\Deep Security Agent>dsa_control --selfprotect 0 To uninstall using the Windows interface, uninstall from Control Panel. On the target endpoint, open Control Panel. Select Uninstall a program. Locate Trend Micro Deep Security Agent and click Uninstall. If you installed the notifier, from Control Panel, go to Add/Remove Programs. Locate Trend Micro Deep Security Notifier and click Remove. To uninstall using commands, uninstall from PowerShell. Open PowerShell. Run the uninstall command. msiexec /x <package name including extension> To run a silent uninstall, add the parameter /quiet. If you installed the notifier, run the following command to uninstall the notifier: msiexec /x <package name including extension> © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base