---
id: manually-uninstall-linux-agents
title: Manually uninstall Linux agents
sidebar_label: Manually uninstall Linux agents
description: Manually uninstall Linux agents
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Manually uninstall Linux agents Manually remove the agent, Endpoint Sensor, and Server & Workload Protection features from a Linux endpoint. The steps contained within this guide can be used to remove the following from your Linux endpoints: The Trend Vision One Endpoint Security agent, including Endpoint Sensor Only Server & Workload Protection features Deep Security agents connected to your Protection Managers Note If you are manually removing Server & Workload Protection or uninstalling a Deep Security agent, the agent does not notify your Protection Managers when uninstalling. The affected endpoint appears on the Computers page with a status of "Managed (Offline)" or similar. To resolve the issue: Deactivate the agent before you uninstall Server & Workload Protection, or Delete the computer from the list after you uninstall Server & Workload Protection. If you are attempting to redeploy an agent, Trend Micro recommends doing a complete uninstall of the Trend Vision One Endpoint Security agent. Procedure Uninstall Server & Workload Protection. Use one of the following methods to uninstall Server & Workload Protection: Note These methods can also be used to remove a Deep Security agent. If your version of Linux provides a graphical package management tool, search for the ds_agent package and use the tool to remove the package. For Linux versions that use the Red Hat package manager (rpm), run the command: # sudo rpm -ev ds_agent For Linux versions that use the Debian package manager (dpkg), run the following commands: $ sudo dpkg -r ds-agent $ sudo dpkg --purge ds-agent Uninstall the Trend Vision One Endpoint Security agent. To remove the Trend Vision One Endpoint Security agent, Endpoint Sensor, and Basecamp agent program, run the command with root privileges: # ./tmxbc uninstall © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base