---
id: manual-evidence-collection
title: Manual evidence collection for Windows endpoints
sidebar_label: Manual evidence collection for Windows endpoints
description: Manual evidence collection for Windows endpoints
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Manual evidence collection for Windows endpoints Collect evidence from Windows endpoints manually using the Trend Micro Incident Response Toolkit or by executing a playbook to support threat investigation and incident response. Important Evidence archives use the same folder structures as the SANS Institute and the CyLR tool. You can automatically collect evidence from Windows endpoints with the Incident Response Evidence Collection playbook. This playbook currently only supports Windows endpoints. Procedure Select Agentic SIEM & XDR → Forensics → Packages. Click Collect Evidence. Configure the following settings for manual collection. Setting Description Evidence types The types of evidence to collect. For Windows endpoints, you need basic information. Archive location on endpoint Location of the evidence package on the local endpoint. Important The local archive does not have encryption and remains on the endpoint until deleted. This might allow anyone with access to the file system to access sensitive information or reveal the presence of an ongoing investigation. Evidence archives take up hard drive space which may impact endpoint performance. Click to download the Trend Micro Incident Response Toolkit. Deploy the toolkit to the endpoints on which you want to collect evidence. Execute the toolkit. Extract the contents of the .zip archive. Execute TMIRT.ps1 as an administrator. If you cannot execute the TMIRT.ps1 command, the following command directly downloads and executes the toolkit based on your operating system (OS) version and architecture: .\TMIRT.exe evidence --config_file .\config.json Upload the evidence packages that the toolkit generates to Forensics. You can upload multiple files at once. Each file must not exceed 4 GB. Forensics begins processing the uploaded evidence packages. Important Processing an evidence package can take several minutes. Do not close the browser tab or refresh the screen until the process finishes. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base