---
id: mem-intune-integration
title: Microsoft Endpoint Manager (Intune) integration
sidebar_label: Microsoft Endpoint Manager (Intune) integration
description: Microsoft Endpoint Manager (Intune) integration
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Microsoft Endpoint Manager (Intune) integration Perform the integration to discover Microsoft Intune-enrolled mobile devices and deploy the Mobile Security for Business to the devices for increased visibility and management. Important Mobile Security integrated as a Mobile Threat Defense (MTD) partner with Microsoft Intune on September 23, 2022. If you granted permissions to Microsoft Intune prior to this date, you must grant permissions again. Using a Master Administrator account, go to Third-Party Integration and click Microsoft Endpoint Manager (Intune). Then, click Grant Permissions. With this integration, you can: Send device risk level data to Microsoft Endpoint Manager (Intune), allowing you to use device risk in compliance policies Control mobile device access to your organization's resources with risk-based access controls Perform malware scans on iOS and iPadOS devices For more information, see the related article in Microsoft Intune documentation. With Intune integration, you can easily deploy the Mobile Security for Business app as well as app configuration to managed mobile devices in your organization with zero touch. Mobile Security can then leverage the app configuration to enroll the mobile devices with it. Note Mobile Security integration with Intune involves only iOS/iPadOS and Android. Integration with Microsoft Endpoint Manager (Intune) for Android supports the following enrollment profiles. Enrollment Profile Protection Scope Mobile Security Deployment Location Personally-owned devices with work profile Work profile Work profile Corporate-owned dedicated device profile Whole device Device Corporate-owned, fully managed user devices Whole device Device Corporate-owned devices with work profile Work profile Work profile For more information about Android enrollment profiles in Microsoft Endpoint Manager (Intune), see the related article in Microsoft Intune documentation. Related information Set up Microsoft Endpoint Manager (Intune) integration © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base