---
id: microsoft-entra-id-inventory
title: Microsoft Entra ID
sidebar_label: Microsoft Entra ID
description: Microsoft Entra ID
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Microsoft Entra ID Gain instant visibility into the identities managed by Microsoft Entra ID. Identity Inventory allows you to review and monitor the identities managed by Microsoft Entra ID. Select Microsoft Entra ID under DATA SOURCES to view identity summaries and detailed identity information by identity type. You may connect and grant permissions to multiple Microsoft Entra ID tenants. Switch to a new tenant by selecting the tenant name under TENANTS. The following table details the tabs available for Microsoft Entra ID. Tab Description Overview Displays widgets with information on the status of your connected Microsoft Entra ID and an identity summary with statistics on your organization's human and non-human identities as well as entitlements. User Lists the human users in your organization and provides information significant to your security posture, including roles, user type, and authentication type. Enterprise Application Lists the enterprise applications in your organization and provides information significant to your security posture, including whether the application has a publisher or is a first-party application. Enterprise applications are applications registered with your identity provider that need to access user and group data or to which you wish to control access. Device Lists the devices in your organization and provides information significant to your security posture, including whether the device join type, whether it is mobile policy compliant, and whether it is synced with Active Directory. Devices are endpoints, including desktops, laptops, printers, and mobile devices, that are registered to your identity provider in order to allow single sign-on (SSO) or conditional access. Group Lists the groups in your organization and provides information significant to your security posture, including the group type. Groups are collections of users, devices, service principals, or groups assigned the same security or application access permissions. Role Lists the roles used by the identities in your organization. Roles are sets of built-in or custom permissions granted to users, groups, or devices to control permissions and access in your organization. Access Policy Lists the Conditional Access (CA) policies assigned to the identities in your organization. Conditional Access (CA) policies are sets of conditions, such as location, device type, and device posture, that govern resource access in your organization. Granted Permission Lists the permissions granted to the identities in your organization. Granted permissions are active permissions granted by users to applications to allow specific resource access and use. The following table details the common actions available on the tabs except Overview. Action Details Search identities Enter the identity name into the search field to search for specific identities. Filter identities Filter identities by clicking Add filter and setting the criteria. Sort identities Sort identities by clicking a column header. Some column headers may not support sorting. Access detailed profiles Click on an identity in the first column to access detailed profile information for the identity. Export identity information Export information about identities to a .csv file. If you have applied filter criteria, only the identities that have been filtered are exported. Related information Overview User Enterprise Application Device Group Role Access Policy Granted Permission © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base