---
id: mobile-policy
title: Mobile Policy
sidebar_label: Mobile Policy
description: Mobile Policy
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Mobile Policy Manage mobile policies that apply to individual users or Active Directory groups. A mobile policy is a collection of security settings that is deployed to the Mobile Agents. Mobile Security provides default policies for all users of Android and iOS/iPadOS devices in your organization. Policies for Chrome OS are currently unsupported. The following table outlines the actions available on the Mobile Policy screen (Mobile Security → Mobile Policy). Action Description Switch between policies for Android and iOS/iPadOS Click Android or iOS/iPadOS to manage policies for Android and iOS/iPadOS. Create a policy Click Create and configure policy details. For more information, see the following topics: Configure mobile policies for Android devices Configure mobile policies for iOS/iPadOS devices Configure mobile policies for ChromeOS devices Edit a policy Click a policy name to modify policy details such as the policy name, protection strength, and policy targets. For more information, see the following topics: Configure mobile policies for Android devices Configure mobile policies for iOS/iPadOS devices Configure mobile policies for ChromeOS devices Note You cannot edit the name and targets of default policies. Replicate a policy Select a policy and click Replicate. All settings of the selected policy (excluding targets) are reused in the new policy. Change the policy priority Hover over a policy. When the icon () appears on the left of the policy entry, drag and drop the policy to your preferred location. Note Changing policy priority modifies which policy applies when more than one policy targets the same users. The default policy has the lowest priority, and its priority cannot be changed. Delete policies Select one or more policies and click Delete. Note Deleting policies modifies the priority automatically. If deleting a policy causes a user or group to no longer be a target of any policy, the default policy becomes the active policy for the affected user or groups. View policy data View basic information about a policy For more information, see Mobile policy data. Refresh policy data Click the refresh icon () in the upper-right corner to display the latest policy data. Filter the devices with normal Mobile Agents In the Active column, click the number to open Mobile Inventory with Mobile Agents filtered by: Agent status: Normal Policy name: Filter the devices with outdated Mobile Agents In the Pending column, click the number to open Mobile Inventory with Mobile Agents filtered by: Agent status: Outdated Policy name: Filter the devices with inactive Mobile Agents In the Action required column, click the number to open Mobile Inventory with Mobile Agents filtered by: Agent status: Inactive Policy name: Related information Mobile policy data Configure mobile policies for Android devices Configure mobile policies for iOS/iPadOS devices Configure mobile policies for ChromeOS devices © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base