---
id: mobile-security
title: Mobile Security
sidebar_label: Mobile Security
description: Mobile Security
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Mobile Security Trend Vision One™ - Mobile Security (Mobile Security in short) proactively protects and manages mobile devices (including Chromebooks) against a wide range of mobile threat attacks. With the standardization of platforms and their increasing connectivity, mobile device use is more popular than ever before. Organizations across all shapes and sizes are investing in further expansion of mobility into their work processes to boost employee productivity. Mobile Security, a Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) security solution, integrates advanced mobile threat detection technologies to assist organizations in mitigating mobile security risks. It supports integration with third-party mobile device management (MDM) solutions for centralized management and streamlined operations. If your organization does not currently use an MDM solution, you can opt to simplify and consolidate robust device management and security management into a single solution with Mobile Device Director. This feature, provided by Mobile Security, delivers advanced defense against mobile threats while facilitating comprehensive device management. Mobile Security can protect corporate mobile devices or personally-owned mobile devices for work-related purposes by providing the following features: Feature Description Malware Detection Proactively detects malware apps, privacy-leaking apps, and apps riddled with vulnerabilities Wi-Fi Protection Detects Wi-Fi connections with man-in-the-middle attacks, HTTPS stripping, and poor encryption, with alerts on the console and device Configuration Manager Checks device settings for possible security violations Web Reputation Protects mobile devices from web-based threats and potential operating system vulnerabilities As an integrated solution, Mobile Security consists of a Mobile Security for Business app that resides at the mobile device and a SaaS product that manages all agents. The Mobile Security for Business app guards the mobile device and reports its security status to the Mobile Security server. The server, through the web-based Trend Vision One console, makes it easy to set coordinated security policies and deploy updates to every Mobile Security for Business. Related information Get started with Mobile Security Use Mobile Security with MDM solutions or Microsoft Entra ID Use Mobile Device Director © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base