---
id: monitoring-phishing-simulations
title: Monitor phishing simulations
sidebar_label: Monitor phishing simulations
description: Monitor phishing simulations
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Monitor phishing simulations View the progress or results of your phishing simulations to gain insight into your users' behavior. After creating a phishing simulation, you can view the simulation details in the Simulations tab in Phishing Simulations. The tab displays all created simulations, whether the simulations are in progress, completed, cancelled, or scheduled. Click on the name of a simulation to view the simulation details, where you can monitor the simulation. The following table details the actions you can take on the simulation details screen. Action Details View simulation status and details Statuses include: Scheduled: The simulation is pending based on the specified start date Initiating (): The simulation is preparing to start In progress (): The simulation is ongoing Completed (): The simulation is complete and final results are available Cancelled (): The simulation was manually terminated Click View more next to Stagger activities to view the schedule and number of emails sent and pending. Click the name of the email template, landing page, or follow-up notification to view the content used for the simulation. Change simulation status Click Conclude Simulation to complete the simulation before the end date and get the final results, or click Cancel Simulation to stop the simulation before completion. Download simulation results Click Download CSV on the details screen of a completed simulation to get a CSV file containing recipient details and responses. View simulation statistics Email status Delivered: Percentage of emails sent out of total recipients Mail opened: Percentage of recipients who opened the email Important To count as opened, recipients must download the images in the email. Looking at the email in preview mode or double-clicking on the email without downloading images is not considered opening the email. Bounced: Percentage of undeliverable emails out of total recipients Responses Phished: Percentage of recipients who clicked a link or entered information out of emails delivered Link clicked: Number of recipients who clicked a link in the email Data entered: Number of recipients who entered information on the landing page The progress graph provides a visual representation of email delivery and recipient response throughout the entire simulation. View individual recipient details Filter recipients by department, location, email status and response, or search for individual recipients. Drill down into a recipient entry to see email status, browser used, and responses including which links were clicked and what information was entered on the landing page. Note Click any Bounced response to view the response log. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base