---
id: move-dsa-complete-guide
title: Moving Trend Cloud One Agents Complete Guide
sidebar_label: Moving Trend Cloud One Agents Complete Guide
description: Moving Trend Cloud One Agents Complete Guide
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Moving Trend Cloud One Agents Complete Guide Move your agents and custom policies to Trend Vision One Endpoint Security. The following steps detail how to move agents from Trend Cloud One - Endpoint & Workload Security to the new Trend Vision One Endpoint Security for evaluation of Server & Workload Protection. The steps also include how to import your custom policies and configurations. Procedure In the Trend Cloud One - Endpoint & Workload Security console, go to the Policies tab. Export your customized policies and configurations. On the Policies tab, select the policy you want to export. Click Export → Export Selected to XML (For Import). Go to Common Objects → Lists. Select the custom list you want to export and click Export Selected to XML (For Import). Go to Common Objects → Rules. Select the custom rules you want to export and click Export Selected to XML (For Import). In the Trend Vision One console, go to Endpoint Security Operations → Server & Workload Protection. If you have more than one Server & Workload Protection instance, select the instance to import your custom policies and configurations. Go to the Policies tab and import your custom policies and settings. On the Policies tab, click New → Import From File. Chose the file to import and select which policy to Import under. Click Next and follow the steps on screen to complete the process. Repeat the steps for custom rules and lists in the respective screens. After importing, verify all of the custom policies and configurations are available. If your endpoints require a proxy for external connections, configure the proxy settings in Server & Workload Protection. In the Trend Vision One console, go to Endpoint Security Operations → Server & Workload Protection. If you have more than one Server & Workload Protection instance, select the instance to import your custom policies and configurations. Go to Administration → System Settings → Proxies. Under Proxy Servers, click New → New Proxy Server. Configure the proxy settings and click OK. Select the proxy you configured for Primary Component Update Proxy used by Agents, Appliances, and Relays. In the Trend Cloud One - Endpoint & Workload Security console, deactivate the agent you want to move. For information on how to deactivate agents, see Deactivate the agent on the Trend Cloud One Help Center. You may also need to disable agent self-protection before you can deactivate the agent. For more information, see Enable or disable agent self-protection on the Trend Cloud One Help Center. In the Trend Vision One console, go to Endpoint Security Operations → Server & Workload Protection. If you have more than one Server & Workload Protection instance, select the instance where you want to move the agents. Go to Administration → Updates → Software → Local. Click Generate Deployment Scripts. Select the Platform and configure the other settings. Copy the activation command from the deployment script. The activation command is the line which includes the manager URL, port, tenantID, and token. Access the device where the target agent is installed. Run Command Prompt as an Administrator. Run the activation command you copied from the deployment script. After reactivating the agent, ensure the correct policies and configurations are applied. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base