---
id: move-dsa-quick-guide
title: Moving Trend Cloud One Agents Quick Guide
sidebar_label: Moving Trend Cloud One Agents Quick Guide
description: Moving Trend Cloud One Agents Quick Guide
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Moving Trend Cloud One Agents Quick Guide Move agents to Trend Vision One Endpoint Security using a deployment script. The following steps detail how to move agents from Trend Cloud One - Endpoint & Workload Security to the new Trend Vision One Endpoint Security for evaluation of Server & Workload Protection. Before starting, you must deactivate the target agent you want to move. For information on how to deactivate agents, see Deactivate the agent on the Trend Cloud One Help Center. You may also need to disable agent self-protection before you can deactivate the agent. For more information, see Enable or disable agent self-protection on the Trend Cloud One Help Center. Note The following steps do not include transferring custom policies and configurations. If you want to import your Trend Cloud One - Endpoint & Workload Security to Trend Vision One Endpoint Security, see Moving Trend Cloud One Agents Complete Guide. Procedure In the Trend Vision One console, go to Endpoint Security Operations → Server & Workload Protection. If you have more than one Server & Workload Protection instance, select the instance where you want to move the agents. Go to Administration → Updates → Software → Local. Click Generate Deployment Scripts. Select the Platform and configure the other settings. Click Save to File to save the deployment script. Use RDP or SSH to access the device where the target agent is installed. Run the deployment script on the device to reactivate the agent in Trend Vision One. You can verify that the agent moved and activated successfully on the Trend Vision One console by viewing the Computers screen in the Server & Workload Protection instance you selected. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base