---
id: ms-entra-id-teams
title: Creating an Microsoft Entra ID app for Teams protection
sidebar_label: Creating an Microsoft Entra ID app for Teams protection
description: Creating an Microsoft Entra ID app for Teams protection
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Creating an Microsoft Entra ID app for Teams protection Procedure Log on to the Microsoft Entra ID portal as a Microsoft 365 Global Administrator. Register an app. Click Microsoft Entra ID, App registrations, and New registration. The Reigster an application page appears. Name the application. Select a supported account type. The account type determines who can use the app. If you have multiple organizations in Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection, Trend Micro recommends that you select Accounts in any organizational directory (Any Microsoft Entra ID directory - Multitenant) for all the organizations to use this app. Under Redirect URI, select Web and type <URL of your Trend Vision One console logon page>/ui/cas/provision.html. For example, if your URL is https://portal.xdr.trendmicro.com, type https://portal.xdr.trendmicro.com/ui/cas/provision.html. Click Register. The Overview screen of the registered app appears. Record the value of Application (client) ID. You need to use the app ID when granting Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection access to Teams Chat. Assign permissions to the app. Click the Manifest tab. Locate resourceAccess under requiredResourceAccess, change the parameter value to the following, and click Save. "resourceAccess": [ { "id": "e1fe6dd8-ba31-4d61-89e7-88639da4683d", "type": "Scope" }, { "id": "75359482-378d-4052-8f01-80520e7db3cd", "type": "Role" }, { "id": "df021288-bdef-4463-88db-98f22de89214", "type": "Role" }, { "id": "7e847308-e030-4183-9899-5235d7270f58", "type": "Role" }, { "id": "6b7d71aa-70aa-4810-a8d9-5d9fb2830017", "type": "Role" }, { "id": "5b567255-7703-4780-807c-7be8301ae99b", "type": "Role" } ] Click API permissions and verify that the following permissions are present: Chat.Read.All Chat.UpdatePolicyViolation.All Files.ReadWrite.All Group.Read.All User.Read User.Read.All Create an app secret. Click the Certificates & secrets tab. Click New client secret, specify a description and a duration for the secret, and click Add. The new secret is displayed. Note When the secret expires, Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection can no longer protect Teams Chat. Select a longer duration to avoid frequently replacing the secret. Copy and store the secret value. You need to use the secret when granting Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection access to Teams Chat. The secret cannot be retrieved later. Set up an active Azure subscription for billing purpose. For details, see Microsoft Documentation. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base