---
id: my-reports
title: Generated reports
sidebar_label: Generated reports
description: Generated reports
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Generated reports The Generated Reports tab shows all reports generated by Cloud Email Gateway Protection. From the Frequency drop-down list, sort out the generated reports you want to view by frequency. You can also specify a report name to search for the desired report. Field Description Reporting period Time range that a report covers Frequency How often that the report is generated Format File format of the report, which is PDF only Last generated The most recent time when the report was generated In the generated reports table, you can sort the reports by the time they were generated and download reports to your local system for further analysis. The information displayed in a report could vary depending on the options you select, and threat types included in reports are consistent with those shown on the dashboard. Cloud Email Gateway Protection saves a maximum of 31 daily reports, 12 weekly reports, 12 monthly reports, and 4 quarterly reports for each configured report setting. For example, if you create a daily report with setting A and another daily report with setting B, Cloud Email Gateway Protection will save up to 31 reports for setting A and 31 reports for setting B. If the number of reports reaches the maximum, the oldest report will be overwritten. You can select and delete one or multiple generated reports that no longer needed. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base