---
id: network-resource-lists
title: Network Resource Lists
sidebar_label: Network Resource Lists
description: Network Resource Lists
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Network Resource Lists Configure your Network Resource Lists to define your network topography for your connected Network Sensors. Network Resources utilizes a set of lists to help define your network topography. These lists are used by Network Analytics to deliver more accurate reports and Workbench Alerts. Each list provides a specific function and is synchronized across all connected appliances and supported products. You can take the following actions in each list: Click Add to add new entries one at a time. Click Import to upload a file containing entries. Supported formats depends on the list type. Importing overwrites the entries on a list. Click Export to download the list as a file. Supported formats depends on the list type. Select one or more entries and click Delete to remove them. For Network Group List, click the options icon () to add a subgroup or delete the selected group. Important Network Resources is called Network Assets in Deep Discovery Director and Deep Discovery Inspector. The names of some lists have also changed. Review the following table for more details. Note When you connect your Deep Discovery Inspector appliances to Network Inventory through Deep Discovery Director, go to the Deep Discovery Director management console to configure the corresponding settings. List Description Supported Products Trusted Domain List Domains used by your company for internal purposes or those considered trustworthy. Identifying trusted domains ensures detection of unauthorized domains. Click Add Recommendations to view a list of possible trusted domains based on analysis of detection logs and network activity. Note Trusted Domain List is called Registered Domains in Deep Discovery Director and Deep Discovery Inspector. Virtual Network Sensors Deep Discovery Inspector appliances Trusted Service Source List Dedicated servers for specific services that your company uses internally or considers trustworthy. Identifying trusted services in the network helps ensure detection of unauthorized applications and services. Click Add Recommendations to view a list of possible trusted service source IP addresses based on analysis of detection logs and network activity. Note Trusted Service Source List is called Registered Services in Deep Discovery Director and Deep Discovery Inspector. For a list of the supported service types, refer to Adding Registered Services. Virtual Network Sensors Network Analytics correlation engine Deep Discovery Inspector appliances TippingPoint Network Sensor Important Only Network Analytics supports the following services: Safe Client Safe Server Network Group List Groups of monitored networks based on IP addresses or ranges within your environment. Identifying network groups helps determine whether attacks originate from within your network or outside. Note Network Group List is called Network Groups in Deep Discovery Director and Deep Discovery Inspector. Virtual Network Sensors Network Analytics correlation engine Deep Discovery Inspector appliances Report Exclusion List Domains which you consider safe and wish to exclude from the Network Analytics Report screen. Listed domains are not included in the Network Analytics Report screen. Network Sensors still monitor these domains and record events as normal. You can remove a domain from the list at any time to include the domain and related interactions in reports for both past and future events. Note Report Exclusion List is called Domain Exceptions in Deep Discovery Director. Network Analytics correlation engine Priority Server List Servers within your environment which you consider high-priority for event tracking and incident reporting. Note Priority Server List is called Priority Watch List in Deep Discovery Director. Network Analytics correlation engine © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base