---
id: network-content-inspection-engine
title: Network Content Inspection Engine for Endpoint Sensor
sidebar_label: Network Content Inspection Engine for Endpoint Sensor
description: Network Content Inspection Engine for Endpoint Sensor
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Network Content Inspection Engine for Endpoint Sensor Enhance endpoint sensor detections by enabling deep analysis and inspection of network traffic with the Network Content Inspection Engine. Important The Network Content Inspection Engine for Endpoint Sensor only supports Windows 64-bit (x86-64) environments. Functionality is limited for operating systems older than Windows 10 and Windows Server 2019. For Standard Endpoint Protection deployments, the Network Content Inspection Engine for Endpoint Sensor operates cocurrently with Network Content Inspection Engine for Standard Endpoint Protection. The Network Content Inspection Engine is a powerful new enhancement integrated into the Endpoint Sensor. The Network Content Inspection Engine provides granular visibility into network communications to detect and track the network activity of possible threats. Once installed on your deployed Trend Vision One Endpoint Security agents, the Network Content Inspection Engine is included with regular component updates for your agents. The first time you access the Endpoint Security Policies screen, you might see a message about the new Network Content Inspection Engine. Your deployed endpoint agents do not install the new component until after you enable Endpoint sensor detection and response in a policy for the first time. Click Okay to proceed to the policy list. The first time you enable Endpoint sensor detection and response in a policy, another message appears to confirm the installation of the Network Content Inspection Engine on your agents. Important Confirming the installation of the Network Content Inspection Engine is a one-time event. The message does not appear again when configuring other policies. All deployed Trend Vision One Endpoint Security agents install the engine when you enable Endpoint sensor detection and response for the first time. Choosing to install the Network Content Inspection Engine also installs the Trend Micro Network Service (tm_netserv.exe) as part of the feature package. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base