---
id: network-sensors-deploy-guides
title: Virtual Network Sensor deployment guides
sidebar_label: Virtual Network Sensor deployment guides
description: Virtual Network Sensor deployment guides
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Virtual Network Sensor deployment guides Connect and configure the Virtual Network Sensor to monitor network traffic in Network Security. The Network Security app enables greater visibility of your environment through deployment of appliances which monitor traffic and collect data to help determine if there is an active attack on your network. Virtual Network Sensor is recommended for new users or users wishing to take advantage of a lightweight network sensor that is easier to set up and manage. The following steps provide a high-level overview of how to deploy and connect Virtual Network Sensor to Trend Vision One. Procedure Review the Virtual Network Sensor system requirements before starting and ensure you have adequate resources for the Virtual Network Sensor. Download the Virtual Network Sensor disk image or token from Network Inventory. Configure network settings and deploy a Virtual Network Sensor. Review the deployment guide for your desired platform and security environment. AWS cloud accounts using an Amazon Machine Image (AMI) AWS S3 buckets using a CloudFormation template Google Cloud projects Microsoft Azure cloud subscriptions Microsoft Hyper-V on Windows Server 2016 or later KVM Nutanix AHV VMware ESXi version 6.5 (Build: 19092475) or later VMware vCenter If you want to use a third-party network switch or device to configure traffic mirroring for your Virtual Network Sensor, see Traffic mirroring with network devices. Verify your Virtual Network Sensors appear in Network Inventory. If your Virtual Network Sensor does not appear in Network Inventory, check the following: Network settings (NIC/vNIC setting and order) Firewall settings Proxy settings if using a proxy Review the Virtual Network Sensor FAQ to verify and test the connection. Related information Deploy a Virtual Network Sensor with AWS Deploy a Virtual Network Sensor with Google Cloud Deploy a Virtual Network Sensor with Microsoft Azure Deploy a Virtual Network Sensor with Hyper-V Deploy a Virtual Network Sensor with KVM Deploy a Virtual Network Sensor with Nutanix AHV Deploy a Virtual Network Sensor with VMware ESXi Deploy a Virtual Network Sensor with VMware vCenter Virtual Network Sensor system requirements Traffic mirroring with network devices © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base