---
id: network-subnets-network-sensor
title: Create a network security group and subnets for the Virtual Network Sensor
sidebar_label: Create a network security group and subnets for the Virtual Network Sensor
description: Create a network security group and subnets for the Virtual Network Sensor
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Create a network security group and subnets for the Virtual Network Sensor Prepare a network security group and two subnets to deploy the Virtual Network Sensor in your Azure subscription. Before deploying the Virtual Network Sensor to your Azure subscription, you must either select or configure a network security group and two subnets. The following steps detail how to create these assets if you do not have any previously configured. Procedure Access the Azure console. Go to Network security groups. Click Create. The Create network security group window appears. Configure the settings. Option Setting Subscription Select the subscription where you plan to deploy the Virtual Network Sensor Resource group Select the resource group where you plan to deploy the Virtual Network Sensor Name Provide a unique name for the network security group Region Select the region where you plan to deploy the Virtual Network Sensor Click Review + create to create the security group. To create a subnet, from the Azure console, go to Virtual networks. Select the virtual network where you plan to deploy the Virtual Network Sensor, and go to Subnets. Click + Subnet to create a subnet for the management port. Configure the settings for the Virtual Network Sensor management port subnet. Management Port Subnet Settings Option Setting Name Provide a unique and easily identifiable name Trend Micro recommends using a name like VirtualNetworkSensor-ManagementPort. Subnet address range Specify the subnet IP address or range in CIDR notation Network security group Select the security group you created Click Save to create the subnet. Click + Subnet to create a subnet for the data port. Configure the settings for the Virtual Network Sensor data port subnet. Data Port Subnet Settings Option Setting Name Provide a unique and easily identifiable name Trend Micro recommends using a name like VirtualNetworkSensor-DataPort. Subnet address range Specify the subnet IP address or range in CIDR notation Network security group Select the security group you created Click Save to create the subnet. Once the subnets have finished creation, you can launch a Virtual Network Sensor instance. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base