---
id: network-inventory-tippingpoint
title: TippingPoint devices
sidebar_label: TippingPoint devices
description: TippingPoint devices
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 TippingPoint devices View your TippingPoint devices managed by a connected TippingPoint Security Management System (SMS) console and configure the Network Sensor function. Network Inventory allows you to view your TippingPoint TPS and vTPS devices managed by a connected TippingPoint SMS and get important device information, such as device and connection health, and Digital Vaccine versions. For more information on how to connect TippingPoint SMS consoles, see TippingPoint SMS connection guides. Important This feature is not available in all regions. Intrusion Prevention Filter management capabilities are coming soon. The inventory screen appears empty if your connected TippingPoint SMS is not managing any TippingPoint TPS or vTPS devices. The following table outlines the actions available for TippingPoint in Network Inventory. Action Description View stack names Names for stacked devices are available for devices managed by a TippingPoint SMS running version 6.5.0 or later. Note If no name is displayed, the device is not in a stack or is managed by a TippingPoint SMS version earlier than 6.5.0. Filter devices Filter by Model using the drop-down list. View TippingPoint SMS console connections Hover over the TippingPoint SMS icon () to get status information about each of your connected TippingPoint SMS consoles. View device health Hover over the status of a device in the Device health column to view important information regarding Unhealthy devices. Access related management consoles Click the connect icon () in the Management console column to access the TippingPoint SMS console. Enable or disable TippingPoint Network Sensor Turn on the toggle to enable TippingPoint Network Sensor on the target TippingPoint device. This feature is not available in all regions. For more information, see Enable TippingPoint Network Sensor. Enabling or disabling TippingPoint Network Sensor requires restarting the TippingPoint TXE device from the TippingPoint SMS console. Important Enabling TippingPoint Network Sensor reduces the bandwidth capacity of TippingPoint devices as follows: 5600 TXE devices reduced from 10 Gbps to 5 Gbps 8600 TXE devices reduced from 40 Gbps to 20 Gbps 9200 TXE devices reduced from 100 Gbps to 60 Gbps Manage whether to share network data with Workbench to generate Network Analytics reports or Sandbox Analysis. Note When you enable TippingPoint Network Sensor in conjunction with Sandbox Analysis, files are sent for analysis in addition to URLs. An additional 2,000 credits per 500 Mbps of bandwidth is required. Related information Enable TippingPoint Network Sensor Ports and URLs used by TippingPoint © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base