---
id: network-information-windows
title: Network information
sidebar_label: Network information
description: Network information
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Network information Learn about the types of evidence in the network information category that the Incident Response Evidence Collection playbook, Collect Evidence task, and Trend Micro Incident Response Toolkit collect. Address Resolution Protocol (ARP) Evidence Data Description Network Interface The local interface address. Address The cached IP address in the interface. MAC The physical address resolved by the IP address. Permanent Whether the cache entry is static or dynamic. DNS Cache Evidence Data Description Name The name queried via DNS and the associated records, such as addresses. Type The type of the DNS record entry (e.g., A, CNAME). TTL The duration in seconds for which the cache entry is valid. Data Length The length of the data field in bytes. Section The section representing the answer to the DNS query. Data The data corresponding to the domain name record (e.g., IP address, CNAME). Firewall Rules Evidence Data Description Name The unique alphanumeric identifier for the rule. Enabled Whether the rule is currently enabled. Direction The direction of traffic (Inbound or Outbound) to which the rule applies. Profiles The network profiles (Domain, Private, Public) to which the rule belongs. Grouping The group assigned for managing related firewall rules. Local Address The local IP addresses covered by the rule, specified as comma-delimited tokens. Remote Address The remote IP addresses covered by the rule, specified as comma-delimited tokens. Protocol The IP protocol (e.g., TCP, UDP, ICMPv6) specified in the rule. Local Port The local port numbers or ranges covered by the rule. Remote Port The remote port numbers or ranges covered by the rule. Edge Traversal Indicates whether edge traversal using technologies like Teredo is enabled for the rule. Action The action (Allow or Block) enforced by the rule. Netstat Evidence Data Description Protocol The name of the protocol used (TCP or UDP). Local Address The IP address and port number on the local computer being used for the connection. Remote Address The IP address and port number on the remote computer to which the socket is connected. State The current state of the TCP connection (e.g., ESTABLISHED, LISTEN, CLOSED). Network Shares Evidence Data Description Name The network name of the shared resource. Path The absolute local path of the shared directory. Remark A descriptive comment about the shared resource. Route Table Evidence Data Description Type Whether the route is an active route or a persistent route stored in the registry. Destination The network destination address of the route. Netmask The subnet mask associated with the network destination. Gateway The forwarding or next-hop IP address for the route. Network Interface The network interface address associated with the route. Metric The cost metric assigned to the route, used to determine the preference among multiple routes. TCP Evidence Data Description State The current state of the TCP connection (e.g., LISTEN, ESTABLISHED). Local Address The local IP address associated with the TCP connection. Local Port The local port number in network byte order for the TCP connection. Remote Address The remote IP address associated with the TCP connection. Remote Port The remote port number in network byte order for the TCP connection. PID The Process ID (PID) of the process that owns the TCP connection endpoint Offload State The TCP chimney offload state of the connection. Local Scope ID The local scope ID for the IPv6 address of the TCP connection. Remote Scope ID The remote scope ID for the IPv6 address of the TCP connection. Family The address family (IPv4 or IPv6) used by the connection. UDP Evidence Data Description Local Address The local IP address of the UDP endpoint. Local Port The local port number in network byte order for the UDP endpoint. Local Scope ID The local scope ID for the IPv6 address of the UDP endpoint. Family The address family (IPv4 or IPv6) used by the endpoint. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base