---
id: network-resources
title: Network Resources
sidebar_label: Network Resources
description: Network Resources
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Network Resources Define your network topography to help your Network Sensors better detect threats and monitor critical resources. Network Resources provides a set of lists you can use to define your network topography. Using these lists allows your connected appliances to better identify the source of threats and recognize which critical assets in your environment require additional monitoring. You can add network resources to each list, edit the lists, import files to configure each list, or export the lists to edit them. Note When you connect your Deep Discovery Inspector appliances to Network Inventory through Deep Discovery Director, Network Resources configurations are not available. Go to the Deep Discovery Director management console to configure the corresponding settings. You can create a Network Resource profile to define more than one set of lists. Apply profiles to your network asset groups to allow more flexible monitoring of different networks or locations. To create network asset groups, see Network Inventory. If you have not created a network resource profile, accessing Network Resources opens the Base Profile. The Base Profile is the default resource list set applied to any Network Sensor not assigned a resource profile. To create a profile, click Create Network Resource Profile. After you have created a Network Resource profile, accessing Network Resources opens the Network Resource Profile List. The following table details which actions you can take from the Network Resources screen. Important If your Trend Vision One account has limited visibility, you can only see assets you have permission to view. Editing a Network Resource profile might affect assets that are not visible to your account. Talk to your system administrator for assistance. Action Screen Description Create a new Network Resource profile Base Profile, Resource Profile List Create a new set of Network Resource lists to apply to your connected Network Sensors Click Create Network Resource Profile to get started. For more information, see Configure a Network Resource profile. Toggle central management of connected Deep Discovery Inspector appliances Base Profile, Resource Profile List Allow Trend Vision One to manage the resource lists in Network Assets on the Deep Discovery Inspector appliance Click Central Management Settings and select a configuration to enable central management. Important Enabling central management permanently overwrites the settings on all connected Deep Discovery Inspector appliances. Overwritten data is permanently lost and cannot be recovered without backup files. Before enabling central management of Deep Discovery Inspector resources, Trend Micro recommends you export your Deep Discovery Inspector Network Groups and Assets lists to back up your system settings. For more information, see About central management of Deep Discovery Inspector. If your Deep Discovery Inspector appliances are assigned to the Network Inventory default group, you can select whether to use Network Resource settings from Trend Vision One or keep Deep Discovery Inspector Network Groups and Assets settings. Manage Network Resource Lists Base Profile Manage the objects added to the Network Resource Lists in the Base Profile The available actions depend on which list you view. For more information, see Network Resource Lists. Configure Network Resource profiles Resource Profile List Define the Network Resource Lists in a Network Resource profile Click the profile name to access the profile screen to edit the Network Resource Lists. For more information, see Network Resource Lists. Manage Network Resource profiles Resource Profile List Edit or delete a Network Resource profile Click the edit icon () to change the profile name or assign network asset groups. Click the delete icon () to remove the profile. You can also select profiles to delete. For more information, see Configure a Network Resource profile. Related information Network Resource Lists Configure a Network Resource profile About central management of Deep Discovery Inspector © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base