---
id: node-js-api-reference
title: Node.js API reference
sidebar_label: Node.js API reference
description: Node.js API reference
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Node.js API reference An API reference for the Node.js SDK for Trend Vision One™ File Security AmaasGrpcClient The AmaasGrpcClient class is the main class of the SDK and provides methods to interact with the API. Create a new instance of the AmaasGrpcClient class. constructor( amaasHostName: string, credent: string, timeout: number | undefined = 180, enableTLS: boolean | undefined = true) AmaasGrpcClient Parameters Parameter Description Default value amaasHostName The File Security server address or the region of your Trend Vision One account. The region is the location where you acquire your API key. Value provided must be one of the Vision One regions, for example: ap-northeast-1 ap-south-1 ap-southeast-1 ap-southeast-2 eu-central-1 us-east-1 credent Your Vision One API key. timeout Timeout to cancel the connection to the server, in seconds. 180 enableTLS Enable or disable transport layer security (TLS). You should always enable TLS when connecting to the File Security server. True Return An AmaasGrpcClient instance Scan file Scan a file for malware and retrieve response data from the API. scanFile (name: string, tags?: string[]), Promise<AMaaSScanResultObject scanFile Parameters Parameter Description Default Value name The name of the file with the path of the directory containing the file to scan. tags The list of tags that can be used to tag the scan. Tags are optional. The maximum number of tags is eight. The maximum size of each tag is 63 characters. pml Enables Predictive Machine Learning (PML). false feedback Enables Trend Micro Smart Protection Network (SPN) Smart Feedback. false Return A Promise that resolves to the API response data. Scan buffer Scan a buffer for malware and retrieve response data from the API. scanBuffer(fileName: string, buff: buffer, tags?: string[]): Promise<AmaasScanResultObject> scanBuffer Parameters Parameter Description fileName The name of the file or object the buffer is created from. The name is used to identify the buffer. buff The buffer to scan. tags The list of tags that can be used to tag the scan. Tags are optional. The maximum number of tags is eight. The maximum size of each tag is eight characters. pml Enables Predictive Machine Learning (PML). false feedback Enables Trend Micro Smart Protection Network (SPN) Smart Feedback. false Return A promise that resolves to the API response data. Close connection Close connection to the AMaaS server. close(): void close Parameters Parameter Description none none Return Void Set the logging level setLoggingLevel(level: Loglevel): void Configure the active logging level of the SDK. The change applies globally to all AMaaS Client instances. The default level, LogLevel.OFF, corresponds to all logging disabled. When logging is enabled, logs write to stdout unless custom logging is configured using configLoggingCallback(). setLoggingLevel Parameters Parameter Description Default value level (Loglevel) Valid values: LogLevel.DEBUG LogLevel.ERROR LogLevel.FATAL LogLevel.INFO LogLevel.OFF LogLevel.WARN LogLevel.OFF Return Void Logging callback Set up custom logging by provisioning the SDK with a custom callback function that is invoked whether the SDK wants to record a log. configLoggingCallBack (LogCallback: Function): void configLoggingCallBack Parameters Parameter Description LogCallback A function with the type (level LogLevel, message: string) => void Return Void AmaasScanResult The AmaasScanResultObject interface defines the structure of the response data that is retrieved from our API. The following are the fields in the interface. interface AmaasScanResultObject { scanTimestamp: string // Timestamp of the scan in ISO 8601 format version: string // Scan result schema version fileName: string // Name of the file scanned scanId: string // ID of the scan scanResult: number // Number of malwares found. A value of 0 means no malware was found foundMalwares: [ // A list of malware names and the filenames found by AMaaS { fileName: string; // File name which found the malware malwareName: string; // Malware name }, ]; } LogLevel enum LogLevel { OFF, // 0 FATAL, // 1 ERROR, // 2 WARN, // 3 INFO, // 4 DEBUG, // 5 } © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base