---
id: nsa-hardening-1-2-412
title: 4.1.2 - Minimize the admission of containers configured to share the host process ID namespace (Automated)
sidebar_label: 4.1.2 - Minimize the admission of containers configured to share the host process ID namespace (Automated)
description: 4.1.2 - Minimize the admission of containers configured to share the host process ID namespace (Automated)
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ 4.1.2 - Minimize the admission of containers configured to share the host process ID namespace (Automated) Profile applicability: Level 1 Do not generally permit containers to be run with the hostPID flag set to true. A container running in the host's PID namespace can inspect processes running outside the container. If the container also has access to ptrace capabilities, this can be used to escalate privileges outside of the container. There should be at least one admission control policy defined which does not permit containers to share the host PID namespace. If you need to run containers which require hostPID, this should be defined in a separate policy, and you should carefully check to ensure that only limited service accounts and users are given permission to use that policy. Note By default, there are no restrictions on the creation of hostPID containers. Impact Pods defined with spec.hostPID: true will not be permitted unless they are run under a specific policy. Audit List the policies in use for each namespace in the cluster, and ensure that each policy disallows the admission of hostPID containers. In the YAML output, look for the hostPID setting under the spec section to check if it is set to true. Option 1 kubectl get pods --all-namespaces -o json | jq -r '.items[] | select(.spec.hostPID == true) | "\(.metadata.namespace)/\(.metadata.name)"' Option 2 kubectl get pods --all-namespaces -o json | jq '.items[] | select(.metadata.namespace != "kube-system" and .spec.hostPID == true) | {pod: .metadata.name, namespace: .metadata.namespace, container: .spec.containers[].name}' When creating a Pod Security Policy, ["kube-system"] namespaces are excluded by default. This command retrieves all pods across all namespaces in JSON format, then uses jq to filter out those with the hostPID flag set to true, and finally it formats the output to show the namespace and name of each matching pod. Remediation Add policies to each namespace in the cluster which has user workloads to restrict the admission of hostPID containers. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base