---
id: nsa-hardening-1-2-311
title: 3.1.1 - Ensure kube-system namespace is not used by users (Automated)
sidebar_label: 3.1.1 - Ensure kube-system namespace is not used by users (Automated)
description: 3.1.1 - Ensure kube-system namespace is not used by users (Automated)
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ 3.1.1 - Ensure kube-system namespace is not used by users (Automated) Profile applicability: Level 1 User Pods should not be placed in kube-system or kube-public, as these are reserved for cluster services. Deploy user pods into a designated namespace other than kube-system. Audit Run the following command and review the namespaces of user resources for each resource type: kubectl get pods -n kube-system Repeat for deployments, services, replicasets, statefulsets, daemonsets, jobs, cronjobs. Ensure no user resources use the kube-system namespace. Remediation Create user namespaces and recreate user resources within those namespaces. Pods and services in different namespaces can still communicate with each other unless additional separation is enforced. The following example is for each team or group of users, a Kubernetes namespace can be created using either a kubectl command or YAML file. Any name with the prefix kube- should be avoided as it may conflict with Kubernetes system reserved namespaces. Create a namespace with a kubectl command: kubectl create namespace <insert-namespace-name-here> Create namespace using YAML file: Create a new file called my-namespace.yaml with the contents: apiVersion: v1 kind: Namespace metadata: name: <insert-namespace-name-here> Apply the namespace using: kubectl create –f ./my-namespace.yaml To create new Pods in an existing namespace, switch to the desired namespace using: kubectl config use-context <insert-namespace-here> Apply new deployment using: kubectl apply -f deployment.yaml Alternatively, the namespace can be added to the kubectl command using: kubectl apply -fvdeployment.yaml --namespace=<insert-namespace-here> Or specify namespace: <insert-namespace-here> under metadata in the YAML declaration. Once created, resources cannot be moved between namespaces. The resource must be deleted, then created in the new namespace. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base