---
id: openshift-424
title: 4.2.4 - Ensure that the --client-ca-file argument is set as appropriate (Automated)
sidebar_label: 4.2.4 - Ensure that the --client-ca-file argument is set as appropriate (Automated)
description: 4.2.4 - Ensure that the --client-ca-file argument is set as appropriate (Automated)
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ 4.2.4 - Ensure that the --client-ca-file argument is set as appropriate (Automated) Profile applicability: Level 1 Enable Kubelet authentication using certificates. The connections from the API server to the kubelet are used for fetching logs for pods, attaching (through kubectl) to running pods, and using the kubelet’s port-forwarding functionality. These connections terminate at the kubelet’s HTTPS endpoint. By default, the API server does not verify the kubelet’s serving certificate, which makes the connection subject to man-in-the-middle attacks, and unsafe to run over untrusted and/or public networks. Enabling Kubelet certificate authentication ensures that the API server could authenticate the Kubelet before submitting any requests. Note By default, the clientCAFile is set to /etc/kubernetes/kubelet-ca.crt. Impact You require TLS to be configured on API server as well as kubelets. Audit OpenShift provides integrated management of certificates for internal cluster components. OpenShift 4 includes multiple CAs providing independent chains of trust, which ensure that a platform CA will never accidentally sign a certificate that can be used for the wrong purpose, increasing the security posture of the cluster. You can verify the client CA file with the following command: for node in $(oc get nodes -ojsonpath='{.items[*].metadata.name}'); do oc get --raw /api/v1/nodes/$node/proxy/configz | jq '.kubeletconfig.authentication.x509.clientCAFile' done Verify all the nodes are using /etc/kubernetes/kubelet-ca.crt as the clientCAFile value. Remediation None. Changing the clientCAFile value is unsupported. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base