---
id: operations-dashboard
title: Threat and Exposure Management
sidebar_label: Threat and Exposure Management
description: Threat and Exposure Management
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Threat and Exposure Management Use information in Threat and Exposure Management to quickly assess and mitigate vulnerabilities related to users, devices, and other assets in your organization. Important You must allocate credits to Cyber Risk Exposure Management to use Threat and Exposure Management. For more information, see Credit requirements for Trend Vision One solutions, capabilities, and features. Note Threat and Exposure Management provides statistics based off data from the last 30 days. The data available for a user to view and drill down depends on the asset visibility scope of the current user. For more information about the asset visibility scope, see Asset Visibility Management. The following table outlines the tabs available in Threat and Exposure Management. Tab Description Risk factors Displays the overall Cyber Risk Index for your organization over the last seven days along with contributing risk factors and the number of associated high-risk events, vulnerabilities, or alerts. Click any risk factor to display related information and widgets. The following table outlines the general actions available in both tabs of Threat and Exposure Management. Action Description Check your credit usage To view how many credits you have allocated to Cyber Risk Exposure Management, hover over Credit usage. Manage event rules Manage event rules created for specific risk events or assets to mark future events as Dismissed, Accepted, or Remediated. Manage data sources Add data sources: To connect Trend Micro and third-party products and sensors, click Data sources. For more information, see Configure Cyber Risk Exposure Management data sources. Tip To gain more comprehensive insights and accurate organizational comparisons, connect more data sources and configure your industry and company size in your Company Profile. Manage reports To generate a scheduled or one-time report from Threat and Exposure Management data, click Manage Reports and select a template. For more information, see Configure a report from a template Related information Cyber Risk Index overview Risk factors Event Rule Management Configure Cyber Risk Exposure Management data sources Agentless Vulnerability & Threat Detection © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base