---
id: oracle-cloud-compartments
title: Oracle Cloud compartments
sidebar_label: Oracle Cloud compartments
description: Oracle Cloud compartments
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Oracle Cloud compartments Manage connections with your Oracle Cloud compartments to allow Trend Vision One visibility into your cloud environment. The Oracle Cloud screen allows you to view connected Oracle Cloud compartments and manage connections within the Cloud Accounts app. You can access the Oracle Cloud screen on the Trend Vision One console by navigating to Cloud Security → Cloud Accounts → Oracle and clicking on the Oracle tab. You can take the following actions from the Cloud Accounts - Oracle screen. Action Description Add an Oracle Cloud compartment Add and connect an Oracle Cloud compartment to Cloud Accounts Click Add Account to Add an Oracle Cloud compartment. Remove compartments Remove and disconnect Oracle Cloud compartments from Cloud Accounts Select one or more compartments and click Remove. Manage compartment settings Click on a compartment name to view and edit the settings or update the terraform resource. For more information, see Compartment Settings. Note Updates to the resource template are not applied automatically when released. You must update terraform resources to apply the latest security settings and resource template. Fix compartment status issues Use the available actions to address different project statuses Clicking the action opens the Compartment Settings screen. Update feature stack: The compartment settings in Trend Vision One are not in sync with the deployed resource. This may occur if there was a recent update, or if the resource script was not run on your compartment. Update compartment resources to fix the issue. Reconnect: An issue is preventing Trend Vision One from connecting or deploying to your compartment. Verify the compartment information is correct and update terraform resources to reconnect your compartment. Related information Connecting Oracle Cloud compartments Compartment Settings Oracle features and permissions Oracle supported regions and limitations © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base