---
id: os-proxy
title: OS Proxy
sidebar_label: OS Proxy
description: OS Proxy
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ OS Proxy Verify the OS proxy settings in Server & Workload protection and for the agent. In Server & Workload protection, the option to use the OS proxy is enabled by default and cannot be disabled. Trend Micro recommends configuring proxy settings on the endpoint operating system to ensure your endpoints can still connect with Trend Vision One if other proxies are unavailable. Important Proxy settings configured in Endpoint Inventory take priority over settings configured in Server & Workload protection. Server & Workload Protection supports using the OS configured proxy for the following agent versions: Linux: agent version 20.0.0-7303 and later Windows: agent version 20.0.0-3530 and later macOS: agent version 20.0.0-167 and later Use the following steps to verify the OS proxy settings in your Trend Vision One console: In the Trend Vision One console, go to Endpoint Security → Server & Workload Protection → Administration → System Settings → Proxies. Under Proxy Server Use, check that Allow agents to apply OS proxy when configured proxy is inaccessible is set to Yes and the drop-down is disabled. You can also ensure the setting is enabled on the endpoint. Open the console or command prompt with Administrator privilege and access the Deep Security Agent folder. For Windows, this is usually C:\Program Files\Trend Micro\Deep Security Agent. For macOS, this is usually /Library/Application Support/com.trendmicro.DSAgent. Run the command dsa_control --autoDetectOSProxy 1. If any errors occur, check the following: The option is enabled in Server & Workload Protection Any policy has successfully deployed to the agent The agent is activated The proxy settings are properly configured in the OS settings The automatic configuration script is set If set, verify the script works. If the endpoint is not using the OS proxy, verify if you have configured proxy settings in Trend Vision One The endpoint uses the following hierarchy: Configured in Endpoint Security → Endpoint Inventory → Global Settings → Proxy Settings Configured in Server & Workload Protection OS proxy © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base