---
id: overview
title: Overview
sidebar_label: Overview
description: Overview
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Overview Quickly review your organization's identity-related assets that might be exposed to attack and identify risk events that weaken your security posture. Each widget of the Overview tab in the Identity Security Posture app provides insights into the various aspects of your organization's identity posture. The following table describes the widgets in the Overview tab of Identity Security Posture. Widget Description Identity Posture Overview Displays your organization's overall identity posture risk level, the number of risk events that potentially impact your identity posture, and a historical chart of identity-related risk events Priority Risk Events Displays a list of identity-related risk events prioritized by real-time impact on your organization's Cyber Risk Index Click View More to see a complete list of priority identity-related risk events in the Priority Risk Events screen. Identity Summary Displays how many of each common identity-related asset types have been detected in your organization's environment Click any of the asset types in the widget go to the Identity Summary screen filtered by that asset type. Highlighted Exposure Risk Events Displays risk events identified by Cyber Risk Exposure Management over the selected period of time that have the biggest impact on your exposure Hover over any risk event name to see the description. Hover over any risk event trend symbol to see a summary of the at-risk assets added and assets remediated in the selected period of time Click any risk event name to view the details of the risk event in the Exposure tab. Exposure Summary Displays the number of exposure-related risk events and a historical chart of the risk events Priority Exposure Events Displays a list of exposure-related risk events prioritized by real-time impact on your organization's Cyber Risk Index Click View More to see a complete list of detected exposure-related risk events in the Exposure tab. Click any risk event name to view the details of the risk event in the Threat and Exposure Management app. Click any details icon () to view the details of the risk event in the exposure risk event profile screen. Attack Detection Summary Displays the number of detected attempts to attack your assets and a historical chart of the detections Priority Attack Detection Events Displays a list of attack-related risk events prioritized by real-time impact on your organization's Cyber Risk Index Click View More to see a complete list of detected attack-related risk events in the Attack tab Click any risk event name to view the details of the risk event in the Threat and Exposure Management app. Click any details icon () to view the details of the risk event in the attack risk event profile screen. Identity Behavior Summary Displays the number of identity behavior-related risk events and a historical chart of the risk events Priority Identity Behavior Events Displays a list of identity behavior-related risk events prioritized by real-time impact on your organization's Cyber Risk Index Click View More to see a complete list of detected attack-related risk events in the identity behavior events screen Click any risk event name to view the details of the risk event in the Threat and Exposure Management app. Related information Identity Summary © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base