---
id: pa-connector-system-reqs
title: Private Access Connector system requirements and sizing guide
sidebar_label: Private Access Connector system requirements and sizing guide
description: Private Access Connector system requirements and sizing guide
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Private Access Connector system requirements and sizing guide Find the minimum and recommended system requirements for Private Access Connector virtual appliance deployment. Note Private Access Connector does not support installation on nested virtual machines. To ensure high availability, deploy at least two Private Access Connector virtual appliances in the same connector group. Platform Version Virtual CPUs Virtual Memory Virtual Hard Disk Virtual Network Adapter VMware ESXi 7.0 and 8.0 2 CPU cores minimum 4 CPU cores recommended 4 GB minimum 8 GB recommended 50 GB only VMXNET3 with a minimum speed of 1,000 MB/s Microsoft Azure Latest version 2 CPU cores minimum 4 CPU cores recommended 4 GB minimum 8 GB recommended 50 GB only N/A Amazon AWS Latest version 2 CPU cores minimum 4 CPU cores recommended 4 GB minimum 8 GB recommended 50 GB only N/A Google Cloud Platform Latest version 2 CPU cores minimum 4 CPU cores recommended 4 GB minimum 8 GB recommended 50 GB only N/A Microsoft Hyper-V Latest version 2 CPU cores minimum 4 CPU cores recommended 4 GB minimum 8 GB recommended 50 GB only N/A Sizing Trend Micro advises against allowing the host to dynamically configure VM resources as is the default in VMware. Instead, configure the VM to reserve at least the number of vCPUs and memory listed in the system requirements. Trend Micro suggests deploying more private access connectors with lower specifications rather than fewer connectors with higher specifications. This approach enhances horizontal scalability. For instance, if you have fewer higher-specification connectors and one fails, it could disrupt a large amount of user application traffic or sessions. The failure of a lower specification but more numerous connector would have a lesser impact. Throughput with recommended configuration example Below is an example throughput measured with the following setup: Amazon AWS VM with recommended configuration of 4 vCPUs and 8 GB RAM Use: Private application access Average TCP round trip time: 85 msec No double encryption for http traffic Note that the actual throughput may vary depending on factors such as the number of concurrent users, your internal network configuration, and latency. Ensure that you have sufficient private access connectors to support the connection and provide room for failover (N+1). To boost overall throughput, add more connectors to the same connector group as needed for your deployment. Concurrent users vs. throughput (Mbps) Concurrent users using the secure access module Total throughput of private access connector (Mbps) 1016 508 600 600 315 630 115 575 © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base