---
id: payg-faqs-section
title: Frequently asked questions
sidebar_label: Frequently asked questions
description: Frequently asked questions
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Frequently asked questions Related information Can different offerings use different billing models? Is it possible to have multiple AWS contracts linked to Trend Vision One? How is pay-as-you-go billing calculated for File Security Storage? Which Endpoint Security offerings support pay-as-you-go? How is pay-as-you-go billing calculated for Endpoint Security Advanced Server & Workload Protection? Can different offerings use different billing models? For all Trend Vision One features that support both annual credits and pay-as-you-go, you can choose which billing model to use for each individual feature. You do not need to use the same billing model for all supported features. Within one offering, you cannot split your usage between credit-based licensing and pay-as-you-go billing. For example, you cannot bill half of your Container Security usage to your pay-as-you-go contract, and allocate credits for the other half. Is it possible to have multiple AWS contracts linked to Trend Vision One? You can only link one Trend Vision One contract purchased from AWS Marketplace to each Trend Vision One business ID. To purchase additional credits, rather than purchasing a new contract, you must update your original Trend Vision One contract. How is pay-as-you-go billing calculated for File Security Storage? There are two options for calculating File Security Storage billing: Per file scanned Based on cloud storage (in GB) When you switch the billing model for File Security Storage to pay-as-you-go in the Trend Vision One console, you can choose which option to use when calculating your File Security Storage billing. Which Endpoint Security offerings support pay-as-you-go? As of February 2025, the only Endpoint Security offering that supports pay-as-you-go is Advanced Server & Workload Protection, while Advanced Endpoint Security requires Trend Vision One credits. Important When you switch Advanced Server & Workload Protection to pay-as-you-go, your Endpoint Sensor detection and response usage is also included in your Advanced Server & Workload Protection pay-as-you-go billing calculation. How is pay-as-you-go billing calculated for Endpoint Security Advanced Server & Workload Protection? Pay-as-you-go billing for Endpoint Security Advanced Server and Workload Protection is calculated by the hours that an endpoint is protected by an agent, or protection-hours. Note Protection during part of a given hour counts as a full protection-hour. Protection-hour calculation depends on the type of endpoint: Endpoints added under an AWS, Azure, or GCP cloud connector: Protection-hours begin when the instance turns on, including hours when the agent status is offline. Endpoints added as data centers: Protection-hours begin when the instance powers on, not including hours when the agent status is offline. For both endpoint types, protection-hour calculation stops when the instance turns off or is deleted, or when the agent is uninstalled. For more information on endpoints billed as data centers, see How does credit allocation work for Server & Workload Protection?. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base