---
id: permissions-for-devices
title: Permissions for Devices
sidebar_label: Permissions for Devices
description: Permissions for Devices
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Permissions for Devices Device Control permissions for storage devices are used when you: Allow access to USB storage devices, CD/DVD, floppy disks, and network drives. You can grant full access to these devices or limit the level of access. Configure the list of approved USB storage devices. Device Control allows you to block access to all USB storage devices, except those that have been added to the list of approved devices. You can grant full access to the approved devices or limit the level of access. The following table lists the permissions for storage devices. Device Control Permissions for Storage Devices Permissions Files on the Device Incoming Files Full access Permitted operations: Copy, Move, Open, Save, Delete, Execute Permitted operations: Save, Move, Copy This means that a file can be saved, moved, and copied to the device. Modify Permitted operations: Copy, Move, Open, Save, Delete Prohibited operations: Execute Permitted operations: Save, Move, Copy Read and execute Permitted operations: Copy, Open, Execute Prohibited operations: Save, Move, Delete Prohibited operations: Save, Move, Copy Read Permitted operations: Copy, Open Prohibited operations: Save, Move, Delete, Execute Prohibited operations: Save, Move, Copy List device content only Prohibited operations: All operations The device and the files it contains are visible to the user (for example, from Windows Explorer). Prohibited operations: Save, Move, Copy Block (available after installing Data Protection) Prohibited operations: All operations The device and the files it contains are not visible to the user (for example, from Windows Explorer). Prohibited operations: Save, Move, Copy File-based scanning complements, and may override, the device permissions. For example, if the permission allows a file to be opened but the Trend Vision One Endpoint Security agent detects that the file is infected with malware, a specific scan action is performed on the file to eliminate the malware. If the scan action is Clean, the file opens after it is cleaned. However, if the scan action is Delete, the file is deleted. The following table lists the permissions for mobile and non-storage devices managed by Data Protection. Device Control Permissions for Mobile and Non-storage Devices Permissions Files on the Device Incoming Files Allow Permitted operations: Copy, Move, Open, Save, Delete, Execute Permitted operations: Save, Move, Copy This means that a file can be saved, moved, and copied to the device. Block Prohibited operations: All operations The device and the files it contains are not visible to the user (for example, from Windows Explorer). Prohibited operations: Save, Move, Copy Tip Device Control for Data Protection supports all 64-bit platforms. For Unauthorized Change Prevention monitoring on systems that the Trend Vision One Endpoint Security agent does not support, set the device permission to Block to limit access to these devices. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base