---
id: phish-simulation-assessment
title: Phishing Simulation Assessment
sidebar_label: Phishing Simulation Assessment
description: Phishing Simulation Assessment
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Phishing Simulation Assessment Simulate realistic phishing attacks and identify security risks in your organization using Phishing Simulation Assessment. You can always find your previous assessment reports by clicking Assessment History on the Cyber Risk Assessment screen. Procedure In the Trend Vision One console, go to Assessment → Cyber Risk Assessment. Under Phishing Simulation Assessment, click Start Assessment. In Step 1 Content, under Simulation Settings select an email template from the list. Note The phishing email template and landing page are paired. The landing page changes depending on the email template you select. Click Next. In Step 2 Recipients, under Recipient Data Source select the data source for your recipient list. Manual entry CSV file Third-party data source Add recipients and click Save. In Step 3 Delivery, under Simulation Duration set the End time for your phishing simulation. Note The Start time is automatically set to the date and time the simulation is created. The End time can be set manually, within a range of three to seven days after the start time. Configure third-party allow list settings to ensure emails are delivered to recipients. Note To view general information on setting up allow lists, see Setting Up Allow List Phishing Simulation. To set up your Google Workspace allow list, see Setting Up Google Workspace Allow List. To set up your Trend Micro Email Security allow list, see Setting Up Email Security Allow List. To set up your Microsoft Exchange and 365 Defender allow list, see Setting Up Microsoft Allow List general allow list. Click Next. Enable Follow-up Notification to notify employees who have been phished. Trend Vision One sends an email containing guidance on how to avoid real phishing attacks to phished employees. Click Create Simulation to launch your phishing simulation. You will receive an email notification when the assessment is complete. Click the link in the notification to access the Trend Vision One console, and click View Report in the Phishing Simulation Assessment area. Related information Phishing Simulation Assessment general allow list settings Verifying domain ownership © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base