---
id: policy-rule-overview
title: Policy rule overview
sidebar_label: Policy rule overview
description: Policy rule overview
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Policy rule overview Cloud Email Gateway Protection supports policy rules at the following levels in your organization: organization, group, and user. An organization-level policy rule applies to all of your organization's domains added to Cloud Email Gateway Protection. Organization-level policy rules ease your policy management by automatically applying to all of your organization's domains including the new ones added in the future. With organization-level policy rules, you do not need to manually create new policy rules in case that a new domain is added. Trend Micro recommends that you configure organization-level policy rules under Inbound Protection and Outbound Protection to provide organization-level protection. A group-level policy rule applies to one or more specific groups (including domains, LDAP groups and address groups) in your organization. Tip If an existing domain-level policy rule is applying to all or the great majority of your organization's domains, you are advised to convert it into an organization-level policy rule and configure the rest of the domains as an exception list of the policy rule. This will simplify your policy management. A user-level policy rule applies to discrete email addresses that are or may be used by single users in your organization. A policy rule level is determined by the Recipients or Senders addresses (depending on the mail traffic direction) that the policy applies to. The following table describes how to configure Recipients or Senders addresses for the policy rules at different levels. For more information, see Specifying recipients and senders. Policy Rule Level Inbound Protection Outbound Protection Organization Select My organization for Recipients addresses on the Recipients and Senders tab. Select My organization for Senders addresses on the Recipients and Senders tab. Group Specify domains, LDAP groups or address groups, or type email addresses in the format *@example.com for Recipients addresses on the Recipients and Senders tab. Specify domains, LDAP groups or address groups, or type email addresses in the format *@example.com for Senders addresses on the Recipients and Senders tab. User Type one or more discrete email addresses for Recipients addresses on the Recipients and Senders tab. Type one or more discrete email addresses for Senders addresses on the Recipients and Senders tab. Related information Default policy rules © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base