---
id: policy-assignments
title: Assignments
sidebar_label: Assignments
description: Assignments
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Assignments Create assignments to apply policies to your endpoint groups. Important Assignments is a "Pre-release" feature and is not considered an official release. Please review the Pre-Release Disclaimer before using the feature. This feature is not available in all regions. Assignments provides a central location to create and manage assignments and priorities used for applying policies to your endpoint groups. Assignments contain up to fifteen priorities plus the base priority, allowing you to assign different policies to endpoints within the same group or selection of groups. There are several actions you can take to manage your assignments. Policy actions Action Description Create an assignment Click Add assignment to configure a new assignment For more information, see Assign policies. Find an assignment or priority Use the search to find an assignment or priority by name View assignment details Expand the assignment entry to view detailed information about the assignment and priorities in the assignments list Click the policy name to view the policy details. Click the number of assigned endpoints to open Endpoint Inventory with a filter applied for the targeted endpoints. Click the number of overridden endpoints to open Endpoint Inventory with a filter applied for targeted endpoints with active policy overrides. Enroll endpoint groups Enroll the targeted endpoint groups in Endpoint Security Policies Enrolling endpoint groups moves management of endpoint protection features from your Protection Managers to Endpoint Security Policies. Enrollment only affects targeted endpoint groups and not every endpoint managed by your Protection Managers. For more information, see Before you enroll. View or edit an assignment Click the assignment name and to view or edit the assignment and priority settings Delete an assignment Select one or more assignments and click Delete Deleting an assignment permanently removes the settings and cannot be undone. Endpoint groups included in the deleted assignment are automatically moved to the Default Assignment. Related information Assign policies Enroll endpoint groups in Endpoint Security Policies © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base