---
id: policies-agent-interface
title: Agent Interface
sidebar_label: Agent Interface
description: Agent Interface
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Agent Interface Configure and manage the Agent Interface module settings. Important Policies are "Pre-release" features and are not considered an official release. Please review the Pre-Release Disclaimer before using the feature. This feature is not available in all regions. Agent Interface supports Windows and macOS deployments. Navigating between the security modules or leaving the Policy Settings screen discards any unsaved changes. To avoid losing your work, always click Save before leaving the current screen. The Agent Interface is the user interface deployed on the endpoint that allows endpoint users to interact with the Trend Vision One Endpoint Security agent to perform scans and view security information. When disabled, users cannot open the agent interface on the endpoint. Procedure To allow your end users to access the Agent Interface and receive notifications, select Enable. To allow end users on Windows endpoints to right-click and manually scan files, select Add manual scan to the shortcut menu on endpoints under General settings. To notify end users about upcoming scheduled scans, select Notify users of an upcoming scheduled scan and set the mintues before running. To allow end users to delay a scheduled scan, select Allow user to postpone a scheduled scan for and set how long users can delay a scheduled scan. End users can only delay a scheduled scan once with this option. To allow end users to skip a scheduled scan, select Allow user to skip a scheduled scan. If end users chose to skip a scan, the agent does not run the upcoming scheduled scan and waits for the next occurance on the configured schedule. You can configure and review scheduled scans in Anti-Malware. Configure the Threat Prevention notifications. Click Threat Prevention. To allow Anti-Malware to send end users notifications, click Notify user when Anti-Malware detects a threat. Note For Windows agents, Anti-Malware sends notifications when a threat is detected by real-time scan and scheduled scans. For macOS agents, Anti-Malware sends notifications when a threat is detected by real-time scan. If you want to customize the notification, type a message up to 1024 characters. To allow Web Reputation to send end users notifications, click Notify user when Web Reputation detects a threat. Important Web Reputation notifications only support Windows agents. If you want to customize the notification, type a message up to 1024 characters. Configure the Access Control notifications. Click Access Control. To allow Application Control to send end users notifications, click Notify user when Application Control detects an access violation. Important Application Control notifications only support Windows agents. If you want to customize the notification, type a message up to 1024 characters. To allow Device Control to send end users notifications, click Notify user when Device Control detects an access violation. If you want to customize the notification, type a message up to 1024 characters. To allow Firewall to send end users notifications, click Notify user when Firewall detects a threat. Important Firewall notifications only support Windows agents. If you want to customize the notification, type a message up to 1024 characters. Configure the Cyber Risk & Security Operations notifications. Important Cyber Risk & Security Operations notifications only support Windows agents. Click Cyber Risk & Security Operations. To notify end users when the endpoint is isolated using the Isolate Endpoint response action, click Send a notification when the endpoint is isolated. If you want to customize the notification, type a message up to 1024 characters. To notify end users when the agent detects deepfake content, click Notify user when the agent detects deepfake content. If you want to customize the notification, type a message up to 1024 characters. To notify end users when the agent terminates a process, click Notify user when an app process is terminated by the agent. If you want to customize the notification, type a message up to 1024 characters. To allow end users to terminate the agent program, select Allow users to shut down the agent using an authorization token. Important Agent Interface only supports Windows agents terminating the agent program using an authorization token. Some agent processes do not automatically terminate when shutting down the agent, and might need to be terminated manually before shutting down the agent program. For more information, see How to manually terminate Trend Vision One Endpoint Security agent processes. Terminating the agent program requires an authorization token. You can generate an authorization token in Policy Resources. To restart the agent program, see How to restart the Trend Vision One Endpoint Security agent. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base