---
id: policies-device-control
title: Device Control
sidebar_label: Device Control
description: Device Control
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Device Control Configure and manage the Device Control module settings. Important Policies, Access Control, and the Device Control module are "Pre-release" features and are not considered an official release. Please review the Pre-Release Disclaimer before using the feature. These features are not available in all regions. Device Control supports Windows and macOS. Device Control only supports controlling access to USB storage devices for macOS. Navigating between the security modules or leaving the Policy Settings screen discards any unsaved changes. To avoid losing your work, always click Save before leaving the current screen. The Agent Interface provides additional settings including access violation notifications. For more information, see Agent Interface. Device Control regulates access to external storage devices connected to computers. Device Control helps prevent data leaks and, combined with file scanning, helps guard against security risks. Procedure To protect your endpoints with Device Control, select Enable. To manage what actions to take for connected devices, configure the Permission by device type. To control access to USB storage devices, select permissions for USB storage devices. Allow full access: Allow endpoint users full access to any connected USB storage device. Read only access: Allow endpoint users to only view the contents of connected USB storage devices. Block access: Deny endpoint users access to connected USB storage devices. To control the AutoRun function, select permissions for USB AutoRun function. Note If USB storage devices is set to Block access, then USB AutoRun function is automatically set to Block AutoRun and disabled. Allow AutoRun: Allows any AutoRun function on the USB storage device to execute. Block AutoRun: Blocks AutoRun funcitons from executing. To control access to connected mobile devices, select permissions for Mobile devices Allow full access: Allow endpoint users full access to any connected mobile device. Read only access: Allow endpoint users to only view the contents of connected mobile devices. Block access: Deny endpoint users access to connected mobile devices. To specify trusted devices, manage the Allowed devices. Note To extract the device information for use with the Allowed devices list, use the Trend Micro Device Info tool. To create a sample device list, add one device manually, then export the list. To add a device manually, click Add device. In the Allowed device window, specify a unique Name. Copy and paste the Vendor, Model, and Serial number extracted using the Trend Micro Device Info tool. Click Add device. To export the current device list as an XML file, click Export. To import a device list from an XML file, click Import from file and select the file you want to use. Important The file must not exceed 500 devices. Importing a device list from a file overwrites the current device list. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base