---
id: portable-executable-pe-attributes
title: Portable Executable (PE) attributes
sidebar_label: Portable Executable (PE) attributes
description: Portable Executable (PE) attributes
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Portable Executable (PE) attributes Learn about the attributes embedded within Portable Executable (PE) files the Incident Response Evidence Collection playbook, Collect Evidence task, and Trend Micro Incident Response Toolkit collect. Note PE file attributes might appear in multiple evidence categories, including Service Information and System Execution Information. Attribute Description File path The absolute path of the file. File size The size of the file in bytes. SHA1 The SHA1 hash of the file contents. User account The account name or security identifier associated with the file. User domain The domain name of the security identifier associated with the file. File extension The suffix indicating the file format of the file. True file type The file type as determined by signatures in the file header. Catalog signed An indication of whether the file contains a digital signature in the catalog file. Embedded signed An indication of whether the signature on the embedded PE file is verified. Catalog signer The signer of the digital signature in the catalog file. Embedded signer The signer of the digital signature in the embedded PE file. Compiled timestamp The time the PE file was compiled. Import table hash The MD5 hash of the imported functions in the PE file. Linker version The version number of the file linker. File version The file version number represented in four 16-bit integers. Debug paths The file paths of any debug information present. Sub system The Windows subsystem required to run the image. Company name The internal company name when the file was compiled. File description The internal description of the file when the file was compiled. Internal name The internal name for the file. Create time The time the file was created in the file system. Modify time The last time the file was modified in the file system. Access time The last time the file was accessed in the file system. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base