---
slug: trend-vision-one-pre-release-disclaimer
title: Pre-release disclaimer
---

In Trend Vision One, some of the new features are released as "Pre-release"; therefore, the features are not an official release and are EXCLUDED from SLA warranties, if applicable. You acknowledge that the Pre-release features have not been released for production use, and as such, the Pre-release features may have errors or other operating deficiencies. The Pre-release features are provided “AS IS”, “WITH ALL FAULTS”, AND WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES, GUARANTEES, OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND. YOUR USE OF PRE-RELEASE FEATURES ARE AT YOUR OWN RISK. Customers should review Pre-release features in a non-production environment. Customers can contact the Trend Micro Technical Support team while they are testing a Pre-release feature. We will review all customer feedback, requirements and scenarios in order to plan a proper enhancement in the future official general release. Furthermore, the Pre-release features may move from the "Pre-release" status to an official general release if certain improvements are made based on customers’ feedback or other internally-generated processes, but keep in mind that SOME or ALL Pre-release features may never be made available for general release by Trend Micro at its sole discretion.

There is no additional charge for pre-release features before official release, but features will not necessarily remain free after official release. If Trend Micro determines that such feature will be officially released, you may be required to pay to continue using the Trend Vision One feature. We will notify you at least 30 days before official release or any upcoming charge. If you do not want to be charged, please discontinue use by opting out of the feature from Platform Directory before official release.
