---
id: predictive-machine-learning
title: Predictive Machine Learning
sidebar_label: Predictive Machine Learning
description: Predictive Machine Learning
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Predictive Machine Learning Trend Micro Predictive Machine Learning uses advanced machine learning technology to correlate threat information and perform in-depth file analysis to detect emerging unknown security risks through digital DNA fingerprinting, API mapping, and other file features. Predictive Machine Learning also performs a behavioral analysis on unknown or low-prevalence processes to determine if an emerging or unknown threat is attempting to infect your network. Predictive Machine Learning is a powerful tool that helps protect your environment from unidentified threats and zero-day attacks. Monitoring level is the degree of vigilance and strictness applied when detecting and responding to potential threats. Raising the level increases the sensitivity of the sensor, which increases the number of detections and alerts. Higher levels allow for more strict monitoring to help with situations like on-going threat investigations, but might generate a large number of nonessential logs and impact endpoint performance. Trend Micro recommends setting your monitoring level to 2 - Moderate to balance more relevant data with minimal impact on your endpoints. Some components used by higher monitoring levels are not available on all platforms. Detection Type Description File After detecting an unknown or low-prevalence file, the Trend Vision One Endpoint Security agent scans the file using the Advanced Threat Scan Engine (ATSE) to extract file features and sends the report to the Predictive Machine Learning engine, hosted on the Trend Micro Smart Protection Network. Through use of malware modeling, Predictive Machine Learning compares the sample to the malware model, assigns a probability score, and determines the probable malware type that the file contains. If a functional Internet connection is unavailable, Predictive Machine Learning automatically switches to the local model to provide constant unknown threat protection against portable executable file threats. Depending on how you configure Predictive Machine Learning, the Trend Vision One Endpoint Security agent can attempt to Quarantine the affected file to prevent the threat from continuing to spread across your network. Process After detecting an unknown or low-prevalence process, the Trend Vision One Endpoint Security agent monitors the process using the Contextual Intelligence Engine, and sends the behavioral report to the Predictive Machine Learning engine. Through use of behavioral malware modeling, Predictive Machine Learning compares the process behavior to the model, assigns a probability score, and determines the probable malware type the process is executing. Process detection also monitors script execution. If the Contextual Intelligence Engine detects the execution of a suspicious script, Predictive Machine Learning takes the configured action. Predictive Machine Learning performs script blocking on the following types of scripts: cscript jar powershell vbs wscript Depending on how you configure Predictive Machine Learning, the Trend Vision One Endpoint Security agent can Terminate the affected process or script and attempt to clean the file that executed the process or script. Related information Configuring Predictive Machine Learning Settings © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base