---
id: private-access-connector-config
title: Private Access Connector configuration
sidebar_label: Private Access Connector configuration
description: Private Access Connector configuration
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Private Access Connector configuration Deploy groups of Private Access Connector virtual appliances and manage them on the Trend Vision One console. A Private Access Connector group consists of one or multiple Private Access Connectors deployed to an entry point in your on-premises data center or cloud IaaS environment. The corporate applications enforcing access control are reachable by the group of Private Access Connectors deployed within the same environment. Deployment of multiple Private Access Connectors allows for load balancing and scalability. The Private Access Connectors tab provides an overview of available connector groups and their associated Private Access Connectors. Action Description Add a Private Access Connector group Click Add Private Access Connector Group. Specify a name and description for the group. Configure automatic update settings. Click Save and Continue. Select the platform where you will deploy the connector group. For information on deployment requirements for each supported platform, see Private Access Connector deployment. Click Close. Note You can deploy individual Private Access Connectors on multiple platforms under a single connector group. Deploy a Private Access Connector Locate the connector group to which you want add the Private Access Connector. Click and follow the instructions to deploy the Private Access Connector virtual appliance to your preferred platform. For more information, see Private Access Connector deployment. Check Private Access Connector group details Click the name of a connector group to view information about the connection status, environment, resource usage, and version of each associated Private Access Connector. Configure a Private Access Connector group Click to deploy a Private Access Connector to the group. Click to change the name and description of a group and schedule automatic updates for all associated Private Access Connectors. Click to delete a connector group. Note Only connector groups with no associated Private Access Connectors and no associated internal apps or apps for discovery can be deleted. Configure a Private Access Connector Under the applicable connector group, click the name of a Private Access Connector to view information about the connector and access diagnostic and management tools. For more information, see Private Access Connector management. Click to delete a single Private Access Connector. To delete more than one Private Access Connector under the same group, select the Private Access Connectors and click Delete.Deleting a Private Access Connector purges the connector setting and usage data stored on Trend Vision One. Note Private Access Connectors active on Microsoft Entra ID cannot be deleted. For more information about removing Private Access Connectors, see Deploy the Private Access Connector on Microsoft Azure. Click to update a single Private Access Connector. Click to test the connection speed between a Private Access Connector and Private Access. Configure unusual status notifications To send alerts when the status of a Private Access Connector changes to "Disconnected" or "Unhealthy", click Configure Unusual Status Notifications and then configure alert settings for Unusual product status notifications in the Notifications app. Related information Private Access Connector management © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base