---
id: product-component-status-widget
title: Product Component Status Widget
sidebar_label: Product Component Status Widget
description: Product Component Status Widget
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Product Component Status Widget This widget displays the component versions and compliance status of managed products or endpoints on your network. Use this widget to track managed products or endpoints with outdated components. The default view displays the latest versions of components managed by Trend Micro Apex Central and the compliance status of managed products. The Pattern and Engine sections list components in order of the highest rate of non-compliance first. You can click the Rate column to change the sort order. Click any of the components in the Pattern or Engine columns to view a pie chart that displays the number of managed products or endpoints using each component version. Click the counts in the Outdated/All columns to view information about the component versions on outdated managed products, all managed products, outdated endpoints, or all endpoints. Click the settings icon ( → ) to configure the following options: Note The settings icon () does not display for widgets on the Summary tab. To modify the product scope of the widget, click the double arrow button () in the Scope field and select the products that contribute data. To edit the components that display in the widget, select or clear components from the Pattern or Engine fields. To display compliance information for managed products, endpoints, or both, specify the Source. To specify whether to view data from all components reported by managed products or to view data from only components managed by Trend Micro Apex Central, select the View. Data Description Pattern Displays the name of the pattern file, template, or antispam rule Engine Displays the name of the scan engine Latest Version Displays the following information: The latest version of the component downloaded by Trend Micro Apex Central The latest version of the component that is available for download (reported by managed products) Outdated/All Displays the following information: Outdated: The number of managed products or endpoints with outdated components Click the first count in the Outdated/All column to view information about the component versions on the outdated managed products or endpoints. All: The total number of managed products or endpoints that use the component Click the second count in the Outdated/All column to view information about the component versions on all managed products or endpoints. Note This column displays when Both is selected for the Source. Rate Displays the percentage of managed products or endpoints with outdated components Note This column displays when Both is selected for the Source. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base