---
id: product-application-compliance
title: Product Application Compliance Widget
sidebar_label: Product Application Compliance Widget
description: Product Application Compliance Widget
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Product Application Compliance Widget This widget displays the product version, language, build, and update status for managed products. This provides administrators a quick way to discern which managed product's applications are up-to-date and which require updating. You can choose to display the data in a bar chart or table by clicking the display icons (). Click the counts in the Up-to-date and Out-of-date columns to open a screen that displays detailed information. Trend Micro Apex Central performs a log query to provide the detailed information. Data Description Product The managed product registered to Trend Micro Apex Central Version Version of the managed product Language Language version of the managed product Build Build number of the managed product Up-to-date Number of products that are considered updated Edit the widget to specify the minimum product version that should still be considered "up-to-date". Click the count to view more details about the product. Out-of-date Number of products that are "out-of-date" Click the count to view more details about the product. Up-to-date Rate (%) Percentage of products that are "up-to-date" By default the widget displays data from all the managed products that a user's account privileges allow. Specify a bar graph or a table to display the data. By default, data is displayed as a bar graph. Click Edit to access the following options: Click Scope → Browse to specify the products that contribute data for the widget. The data scope specifies the products which the widget uses to display data. This can have a drastic affect on the usefulness of the information that the widget displays. On the Up-to-date range drop-down, specify the number of product versions away from the latest build that should still be considered "up-to-date". Click Save to apply changes and exit. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base