---
id: project-centric-overview
title: Project Centric Overview
sidebar_label: Project Centric Overview
description: Project Centric Overview
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Project Centric Overview Get an overview of your cloud projects in Cloud Security Posture using interactive widgets and table views. All cloud projects allows you to Define and Manage Projects and also gives you visibility into the cloud projects your organization uses for a wide variety of applications, including risk events, misconfigurations, and potential attack paths. The Cloud Overview tab in Cloud Security Posture displays widgets summarizing key information about the cloud projects in your connected cloud accounts. The summary overview displays a breakdown of your projects in the following categories: Risk events Protection Security Posture Potential Attack Paths Assets at Risk Widget Description Risk Events Displays a breakdown of all risk events associated with cloud assets. Protection Displays the number of threat alerts and XDR alerts that have occurred in the last 30 days as well as the change over the past 24 hours. Security Posture Displays detected vulnerabilities in your AI-related cloud VMs, container images, and serverless assets. Potential Attack Paths Displays the total and a graphical representation of detected potential attack paths. Assets at Risk Displays the number of high-risk cloud assets, categorized by the following types: Virtual Machines Data Storage Serverless IAM Databases Container Clusters APIs Toggle between the Widget View and Table View from the interface. The table view displays the following information for all projects by default or you can also search a particular project: Table Description All Cloud projects Displays a breakdown of riska and threats associated with all cloud projects, along with: Assets - number of assets at risk XDR alets Vulterabilities - number of high impact CVEs Misconfigurations - number of high risk misconfigurations Threat alerts - number of high risk threat alerts Potential attact path - number of high risk potential attact path The table summary is updated every 24 hours along with the cloud asset details in the real-time. Related information Define and Manage Projects © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base