---
id: purchasing-credits-aws-marketplace
title: Purchase credits from AWS Marketplace
sidebar_label: Purchase credits from AWS Marketplace
description: Purchase credits from AWS Marketplace
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Purchase credits from AWS Marketplace Purchase and upgrade your Trend Vision One credit license from AWS Marketplace. You can purchase a Trend Vision One credits license from AWS Marketplace. The license is a renewable 12-month subscription-based contract. You can upgrade the amount of credits granted by the license through AWS Marketplace at anytime. Note Your company can have multiple active credits licenses, including from AWS Marketplace. Each license appears as a separate item in the Trend Vision One License Information app. The total amount of credits for all licenses are available for use across Trend Vision One. A credits license purchased from AWS Marketplace can only be activated once. A license cannot be transferred to another registered business after activation. If you need to change your license to another registered business, contact your support provider. Follow the steps below to purchase a credits license from AWS Marketplace and activate the license in Trend Vision One. Procedure On AWS Marketplace, search for Trend Micro. Locate Trend Vision One and click the name. You can also access the product directly at https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace/pp/prodview-u2in6sa3igl7c. Click View purchase options. In the Configure your Software Contract screen, specify the contract details including the number of credits. Note Auto renew is enabled by default. If you do not want your credits license to automatically renew at the end of the contract, select No for Renewal Settings. Click Create contract. Review the contract details and click Pay now to purchase the credit license. Click Set up your account to open the Trend Vision One console. Activate the credit license in the Trend Vision One console. Note You must sign in to the Trend Vision One console and complete the license activation within four hours after clicking Set up your account. If you are unable to complete the task in time, go to AWS Marketplace Subscriptions screen and locate the Trend Vision One subscription. Click Set up product to restart the registration process. Sign in to the Trend Vision One console using an account with licensing permission. The Activate your Trend Micro Solutions screen appears after signing in. Review the license details and click Activate. After activating the license, you can view the license and credit information in the License Information and Credits & Billing apps. Note Currently, the number of credits and the expiration date can only be viewed in the Credits & Billing app. After purchasing and activating the credits license, you can upgrade the number of credits on the license at any time. To upgrade the number of credits in your license, access AWS Marketplace and locate the Trend Vision One subscription. On the Upgrade current contract tab, specify the number of credits you want to add to the license contract. Note The newly added credits appear as a separate item in the License Information app with the same expiration date. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base