---
id: quarantine-digest-settings
title: Quarantine digest settings
sidebar_label: Quarantine digest settings
description: Quarantine digest settings
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Quarantine digest settings Note Quarantine Digest is only available for inbound email messages that have been assigned View permissions on the End User Quarantine Settings screen. A quarantine digest notification is an email message Cloud Email Gateway Protection sends to inform end users of email messages that were temporarily quarantined. The digest notification lists up to 100 of each end user's quarantined messages. You can customize digest rules and templates on the Digest Settings screen. A digest notification contains the following information: A link to access quarantined messages through the End User Console The number of new email messages that have been quarantined since the last notification was sent Digest of the new email messages that have been quarantined Quarantined: The time an email message was quarantined Sender: The sender address of the email message Recipient: The recipient address of the email message Subject: The email subject Manage Messages: The links that users can click to apply actions to the quarantined message, including Deliver, Deliver & Approve Sender, Block Sender, Approve Sender Domain, Block Sender Domain, and Preview. When the Preview action is selected, Cloud Email Gateway Protection includes a preview link for each quarantined email in a digest notification. This enables end users to view the summary and details of a quarantined email and take inline actions directly from the preview page. End users can switch between viewing the plain text, source code, and rendered HTML of the email body content by clicking the Plain Text tab or the Show Source or Hide Source buttons to on the HTML tab. Additionally, end users can click Render Image or Hide Image to display or hide the images within the body content. Different quarantined messages in a digest notification may have different inline actions. The inline actions available for each quarantined message are determined by the following settings: Quarantined message permissions configured on the Quarantine → End User Quarantine Settings screen For more information, see Configuring end user quarantine settings. Inline action settings configured in the digest notification template For more information, see Adding or editing a digest template. End users are required to confirm their operations on a dedicated page to prevent unexpected access during the digest notification transmission. WARNING Inline action links display only when you enable Inline actions in the digest template. Once inline actions are enabled, anyone receiving the digest notification can take the actions on quarantined messages. Therefore, administrators must warn digest recipients not to forward the digest notification. If an end user account manages multiple accounts, Cloud Email Gateway Protection sends digest notifications for the managed accounts as described in the following table. Source of Managed Accounts Condition Digest Notification Recipients Aliases synchronized from directories End user has only one email address Email address End user has email aliases but has not set the primary email alias Each email alias End user has email aliases and has set the primary email alias Primary email alias Manually added accounts End user has not set the primary account Email address End user has set the primary account Primary account For details about the “Source of Managed Accounts”, refer to Configuring local account logon for end user management. Related information Adding or editing a digest rule Adding or editing a digest template © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base