---
id: quarantine
title: Quarantine
sidebar_label: Quarantine
description: Quarantine
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Quarantine Delete or restore the items quarantined for violating scanning policies. Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection allows you to manage the emails and files that are quarantined. Note Quarantine is not available for Teams Chat. The following table outlines the actions available on the Quarantine screen. Action Description Search for quarantined items Find a specific set of quarantined items by searching. Select an organization (if applicable) and a service, specify criteria, and click Search to search for quarantine. You can search the quarantined items from the past 90 days. Manage quarantined items Delete, restore, or download the quarantined items. Enable email preview Enable email preview to determine further actions to take on quarantined emails by previewing the emails without downloading them. Settings Specify the email addresses to store quarantined email messages for Gmail. This setting is available only when you have granted Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection access to Gmail for the current organization. Click Settings, specify the email addresses to store quarantined email messages on the Quarantine Settings screen that appears, and then click Save. A maximum of 10 email addresses is supported. Important Make sure that the specified email addresses have associated mailboxes in your organization and that you have granted the read-only, modify, and full access scopes to Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection. You can click Verify to check whether the specified email addresses are valid. To avoid potential issues, Trend Micro recommends using a dedicated Gmail mailbox exclusively for managing quarantined emails, rather than combining it with regular email communication. Specify the quarantine retention period Specify when Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection can automatically delete the quarantined items. Related information Quarantine facets Searching quarantine Managing quarantine Previewing quarantined emails © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base