---
id: quick-ip-list
title: About quick IP list
sidebar_label: About quick IP list
description: About quick IP list
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 About quick IP list Cloud Email Gateway Protection makes use of Trend Micro Email Reputation Services (ERS) Standard Service and Advanced Service. Quick IP List uses Trend Micro Email Reputation Services Advanced Service, a real-time antispam solution. The Trend Micro network of automated expert systems, along with Trend Micro spam experts, continuously monitor network and traffic patterns and immediately update the dynamic IP reputation database as new spam sources emerge, often within minutes. As evidence of spam activity increases or decreases, the dynamic IP reputation database is updated accordingly. The dynamic IP reputation database includes the following blocking levels: Level 0: Off Queries the dynamic reputation database but does not block any IP addresses. Level 1: Least aggressive Cloud Email Gateway Protection allows the same amount of spam from a sender with a good rating as in Level 2. The length of time that the IP address stays in the database is generally shorter than for more aggressive settings. Level 2: (the default setting) Cloud Email Gateway Protection allows a larger volume of spam from a sender with a good rating than more aggressive settings. However, if an increase in spam above the allowable threshold is detected, it adds the sender to the dynamic reputation database. The length of time that the IP address stays in the database is generally shorter than for more aggressive settings. Level 3: Cloud Email Gateway Protection allows a small volume of spam from senders with a good rating. However, if an increase in spam beyond the allowable threshold is detected, it adds the sender to the dynamic reputation database. The length of time that the IP address stays in the database depends on whether additional spam from the sender is detected. Level 4: Most aggressive If even a single spam message from a sender IP address is detected, Email Reputation Services adds the sender to the dynamic reputation database and Cloud Email Gateway Protection blocks all messages from the sender. The length of time that the IP address stays in the database depends on whether additional spam from the sender is detected. If legitimate email is being blocked, select a less aggressive setting. If too much spam is reaching your network, select a more aggressive setting. However, this setting might increase false positives by blocking connections from legitimate email senders. Note To avoid false positives from a trusted partner company, go to Inbound Protection → Connection Filtering → IP Reputation, and add the IP address for their MTA to the Approved IP Address list. The IP addresses in the approved lists bypass other IP reputation-based filtering. This list is useful for ensuring all messages from a partner company or other MTA are allowed, no matter their status with the standard IP reputation databases or with the Trend Micro Email Reputation Services (ERS) dynamic IP reputation database. When using the IP reputation approved lists, you may experience lower overall spam catch rates. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base