---
id: realtime-threat-monitor
title: Real-Time Posture Monitoring settings
sidebar_label: Real-Time Posture Monitoring settings
description: Real-Time Posture Monitoring settings
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Real-Time Posture Monitoring settings The Real-Time Posture Monitoring (RTPM) settings allow you to install, update and delete the required resources for RTPM. Once you create the required resources, events from the cloud account appear on the RTPM event monitoring dashboard, and a subset of Rules start to update based on these events. We provide both Powershell and Bash scripts to set up RTPM. Note For AWS Accounts: Real-Time Posture Montoring can be enabled through Account Management in Trend Vision One. For Azure and Google Cloud Accounts: You can enable the feature by running the executable scripts mentioned in the sections below. Content RTPM for AWS RTPM for Azure RTPM for GCP RTPM for AWS (Through Account Management) Set up Requirements Ensure that you have CloudTrail enabled. For help, see the Cloud Risk Management Rule CloudTrail Enabled. For Existing Cloud Posture Users: Ensure that you have uninstalled the legacy RTPM for Cloud Posture, if you haven’t already: For Existing Cloud Risk Management Users: Ensure that you have uninstalled the legacy RTPM for Cloud Posture, if you haven’t already: Open a command prompt or shell Run the following command: curl -L https://us-west-2.cloudconformity.com/v1/monitoring/uninstall.sh | bash -s Installing RTPM for AWS Installing RTPM for a new AWS Account: Go to Service Management > Cloud accounts. Under the AWS tab, click on Add Account. Under All Features, toggle Real-Time Posture Monitoring and select the regions. Click on Launch Stack and follow the instructions on the screen. Installing RTPM for a new AWS Organisation: Go to Service Management > Cloud accounts. Under the AWS tab, click on Add Account. Under All Features, toggle Real-Time Posture Monitoring and select the regions. Click on Launch Stack and follow the instructions on the screen. Installing RTPM for an existing AWS Account: Go to Service Management > Cloud accounts. Click on the AWS account name you wish to install Real-Time Posture Monitoring. From Cloud Accounts Settings > click on the Stack Update tab From Select Features, toggle Real-Time Posture Monitoring Follow the instructions under Update CloudFormation Template. . Uninstalling RTPM for AWS To uninstall RTPM from an AWS account in your organisation: Sign into the Vision One console, go to Service Management > Cloud accounts. Click on the account name you wish to uninstall Real-Time Posture Monitoring. From Cloud Accounts Settings > click on the Stack Update tab. From Select Features, un-toggle Real-Time Posture Monitoring Follow the instructions under Update CloudFormation Template. RTPM for Google Cloud Installing RTPM for a new Google Cloud project Go to Cloud Security → Cloud Accounts → Google Cloud. Click Add Project . Specify the general information for the project and click Next. For more details, see Adding a Google Cloud project. The Features and Permissions screen appears. In Features and Permissions, enable Real-Time Posture Monitoring. The Launch screen appears. Follow the instructions on the Launch screen. Click on Done to save changes. Installing RTPM for an existing Google Cloud Project Select the Google Cloud project you wish to install RTPM. Go to Features and Permissions → Resource tab. Enable Real-Time Posture Monitoring and follow the instructions to complete the set-up. Note The Cloud Accounts terraform script automatically handles the transition from legacy Real-Time Monitoring (RTM) to the new Real-Time Posture Monitoring (RTPM) feature. If the legacy RTM is detected, it will be uninstalled before the new RTPM resources are deployed. Uninstalling RTPM from a Google Cloud account Go to Cloud Security → Cloud Accounts → Google Cloud. Click on the Google cloud proect account name you wish to uninstall Real-Time Threat Monitoring. Go to Resource Update → Features and Permissions. Un-toggle Real-Time Posture Monitoring and follow the instructions to complete the action. RTPM for Azure RTPM for Azure Installing RTPM for a new Azure Subscriptiont Go to Cloud Security → Cloud Accounts → Azure. Click Add Project . Specify the general information for the project and click Next. For more details, see Adding an Azure subscription The Features and Permissions screen appears. In Features and Permissions, enable Real-Time Posture Monitoring. The Launch screen appears. Follow the instructions on the Launch screen. Click on Done to save changes. Installing RTPM for an existing Azure Subscriptiont Select the Azure subscription you wish to install RTPM. Go to Features and Permissions → Resource tab. Enable Real-Time Posture Monitoring and follow the instructions to complete the set-up. Note The Cloud Accounts terraform script automatically handles the transition from legacy Real-Time Monitoring (RTM) to the new Real-Time Posture Monitoring (RTPM) feature. If the legacy RTM is detected, it will be uninstalled before the new RTPM resources are deployed. Uninstalling RTPM from an Azure subscription Go to Cloud Security → Cloud Accounts → Azure. Click on the account name you wish to uninstall Real-Time Threat Monitoring. Go to Resource Update → Features and Permissions. Un-toggle Real-Time Posture Monitoring and follow the instructions to complete the action. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base