---
id: red-hat-linux-eventlogs
title: Configure Red Hat Enterprise Linux to receive event logs
sidebar_label: Configure Red Hat Enterprise Linux to receive event logs
description: Configure Red Hat Enterprise Linux to receive event logs
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Configure Red Hat Enterprise Linux to receive event logs Set up a Syslog on Red Hat Enterprise Linux 8 The following steps describe how to configure rsyslog on Red Hat Enterprise Linux 8 to receive logs from Server & Workload Protection. Procedure Log in as root. Execute: vi /etc/rsyslog.conf Uncomment the following lines near the top of the rsyslog.conf to change them from: #module(load="imudp") #input(type="imudp" port="514") #module(load="imtcp") #input(type="imtcp" port="514") to module(load="imudp") input(type="imudp" port="514") module(load="imtcp") input(type="imtcp" port="514") Add the following two lines of text to the end of the rsyslog.conf: #Save Manager logs to DSM.log Local4.* /var/log/DSM.log Note You may need to replace Local4 with another value, depending on your Server & Workload Protection settings. Save the file and exit. Create the /var/log/DSM.log file by typing touch /var/log/DSM.log. Set the permissions on the DSM log so that syslog can write to it. Save the file and exit. Restart syslog: systemctl restart rsyslog Next steps Set up a Syslog on Red Hat Enterprise Linux 6 or 7 The following steps describe how to configure rsyslog on Red Hat Enterprise Linux 6 or 7 to receive logs from Server & Workload Protection. Procedure Log in as root. Execute: vi /etc/rsyslog.conf Uncomment the following lines near the top of the rsyslog.conf to change them from: #$ModLoad imudp #$UDPServerRun 514 #$ModLoad imtcp #$InputTCPServerRun 514 to $ModLoad imudp $UDPServerRun 514 $ModLoad imtcp $InputTCPServerRun 514 Add the following two lines of text to the end of the rsyslog.conf: #Save Manager logs to DSM.log Local4.* /var/log/DSM.log Note You may need to replace Local4 with another value, depending on your Server & Workload Protection settings. Save the file and exit. Create the /var/log/DSM.log file by typing touch /var/log/DSM.log. Set the permissions on the DSM log so that syslog can write to it. Save the file and exit. Restart syslog: On Red Hat Enterprise Linux 6: service rsyslog restart On Red Hat Enterprise Linux 7: systemctl restart rsyslog Next steps When Syslog is functioning you will see logs populated in: /var/log/DSM.log Set up a Syslog on Red Hat Enterprise Linux 5 The following steps describe how to configure Syslog on Red Hat Enterprise Linux to receive logs from Server & Workload Protection. Procedure Log in as root. Execute: vi /etc/syslog.conf Add the following two lines of text to the end of the syslog.conf: #Save Manager logs to DSM.log Local4.* /var/log/DSM.log Note You may need to replace Local4 with another value, depending on your Server & Workload Protection settings. Save the file and exit. Create the /var/log/DSM.log file by typing touch /var/log/DSM.log. Set the permissions on the DSM log so that syslog can write to it. Execute: vi /etc/sysconfig/syslog Modify the line " SYSLOGD_OPTIONS " and add a " -r " to the options. Save the file and exit. Restart syslog: /etc/init.d/syslog restart Next steps When Syslog is functioning you will see logs populated in: /var/log/DSM.log © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base