---
id: remove-restricted-user-group
title: Remove from Zscaler Restricted User Group task
sidebar_label: Remove from Zscaler Restricted User Group task
description: Remove from Zscaler Restricted User Group task
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Remove from Zscaler Restricted User Group task After determining that a high-risk user account maintains a lower risk score, remove the account from the Zscaler restricted user group using the Response Management app. This task is supported by the following services: Microsoft Entra ID Important The Remove from Zscaler Restricted User Group response action becomes available after you have configured Zscaler Internet Access integration or Zscaler Private Access integration in Third-Party Integration, and after you have added a user account to a ZScaler restricted user group. You can remove the user account from a Zscaler restricted user group by selecting Remove from Zscaler Restricted User Group from the context menu in Attack Surface Discovery, Workbench, Observed Attack Techniques, and the XDR Data Explorer app. Procedure In the Response Management app, find the user account and click the options button () or access the context menu. Click Remove from Zscaler Restricted User Group. The Remove from Zscaler Restricted User Group screen appears. Confirm the targets of the response. Specify a Description for the response or event. Click Create. Trend Vision One creates the task and displays the current task status in Response Management. Monitor the task status. Go to Workflow and Automation → Response Management . (Optional) Locate the task using the Search field or by selecting Remove from Zscaler Restricted User Group from the Action drop-down list. View the task status. In progress (): Trend Vision One sent the command and is waiting for a response. Successful (): The command was successfully executed. When successful, the access control policy defined in Zscaler will no longer be applied to the user account. Partially successful (): The task was unsuccessful on one or more IAM service Unsuccessful (): The task was unsuccessful on all connected IAM services Pending approval (): The task is pending approval from specified users Rejected (): The task has been rejected © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base