---
id: replace-pac-file-agents
title: Replacing the PAC file on Trend Vision One Endpoint Security agents
sidebar_label: Replacing the PAC file on Trend Vision One Endpoint Security agents
description: Replacing the PAC file on Trend Vision One Endpoint Security agents
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Replacing the PAC file on Trend Vision One Endpoint Security agents Change the proxy settings by replacing the PAC file in use in the Secure Access Module. Note Only customers that have updated to the Foundation Services release have access to the feature. This feature is not available in all regions. Internet Access provides a default PAC file built in the Secure Access Module for HTTP/HTTPS traffic forwarding to the Internet Access Gateway. You can change the PAC file by individual endpoint, endpoint group, or operating system. Note For a single endpoint, the PAC file applied using the following steps takes effect, regardless of the platform-based PAC file configured for the endpoint. Procedure In the Trend Vision One console, go to Zero Trust Secure Access → Secure Access Configuration → Secure Access Module. Filter out the desired endpoints by either security deployment type or endpoint group. To replace the PAC file by security deployment type, click a security deployment type in the Endpoints section to the left of the list. To replace the PAC file by endpoint group, click an endpoint group in the Endpoint Groups section to the left of the list. Note Only endpoints with operating systems supported by the Secure Access Module are listed. Select one or multiple endpoints that you want to replace the PAC file on and click Replace PAC File. You can also click Replace PAC File on All Endpoints if you want to replace the PAC file on all endpoints in the current list. On the Replace PAC File dialog that appears, select the PAC file that you want to apply from the list, and then click Select. The PAC file list shows all the available PAC files that are created in the PAC Files screen (Zero Trust Secure Access → Secure Access Configuration → Internet Access and AI Service Access Configuration). Confirm the selected endpoints and click Apply PAC File. Note Applying a PAC file requires that you first deploy the Secure Access Module to endpoints. Make sure that the selected endpoints already have the Secure Access Module deployed. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base