---
id: resources-firewall-rules
title: Firewall Rules
sidebar_label: Firewall Rules
description: Firewall Rules
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Firewall Rules Create and manage rules to use with Firewall in Endpoint Security Policies. Important If you are working on a policy, make sure to save your settings before leaving the screen. Leaving the screen without saving discards any changes. Trend Micro preset rules cannot be deleted or modified. You can duplicate preset rules to create a new firewall rule. Firewall rules are a policy resource you can configure to manage how Firewall handles specific connection types, usually to override the basic Firewall settings. Firewall rules can allow, block, and log internet connections. For example, if your Firewall is configured to block all traffic, you can use a Firewall rule to allow trusted traffic to bypass the Firewall. You can add up to 300 firewall rules. Procedure Go to Endpoint Security → Endpoint Security Configuration → Policy Resources → Firewall Rules. Create or edit a rule. To create a new rule, click Add firewall rule. To edit an existing rule, click the rule name and go to General Specify a name and description for the rule. Select the action for the rule to take. Allow: Always allows the connection regardless of the firewall setting. The firewall does not log the event. Deny: Always blocks the connection regardless of the firewall setting. The firewall logs the event. Allow and log: Always allows the connection regardless of the firewall setting. The firewall logs the event. Select the Priority. The Priority determines which rule takes effect if a connection matches multiple rules. The firewall always applies the higher priority. Note Allow and log can only use the priority 4 - Highest. You cannot select a lower priority for the action. Select the Direction. Inbound: Rule applies to attempts to connect to the endpoint. Outbound: Rule applies to attempts by the endpoint to connect to a destination. Select the connection Protocol. Firewall rules support monitoring the following protocols: ICMP ICMPv6 TCP TCP + UDP UDP Important Firewall rules using ICMP or ICMPv6 protocol have strict support for IP address formats. Using an IP list that contains both IPv4 and IPv6 might cause unintended behavior. If you select the ICMP protocol, use only IP lists with the IPv4 format. The ICMP protocol ignores IPv6 addresses. If you select the ICMPv6 protocol, use only IP lists with the IPv6 format. The ICMPv6 protocol ignores IPv4 addresses. Specify the Packet source. If you want to monitor specific IP addresses, select Use IP list then select an IP list. To configure IP lists, see IP Lists. If you want to monitor specific ports, select Use port list then select a Port list. If you select Any for Protocol, then Port is set to Any and cannot be changed. To configure port lists, see Port Lists. Specify the Packet destination. If you want to monitor specific IP addresses, select Use IP list then select an IP list. To configure IP lists, see IP Lists. If you want to monitor specific ports, select Use port list then select a Port list. If you select Any for Protocol, then Port is set to Any and cannot be changed. To configure port lists, see Port Lists. Click Save. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base