---
id: resource-update-azure-subscriptions
title: Azure Resource Update
sidebar_label: Azure Resource Update
description: Azure Resource Update
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Azure Resource Update Update deployed resources in your Azure subscription to the latest version. The Resource Update tab in the Subscription Settings screen allows you to update the Trend Vision One resources deployed to your subscription. This may be required as support for new features or functions are added to Cloud Accounts. Make sure you have the required permissions to update the subscription. Important The steps are valid for Azure Cloud Shell as of January 2025. Procedure Sign in to the Trend Vision One console. In a new tab in the same browser session, sign in to the Azure subscription you want to connect and access the Azure Cloud Shell. In the Trend Vision One console, go to Cloud Security → Cloud Accounts → Azure. Click the name of the subscription you want to update. In the Subscription Settings screen, navigate to the Resource Update tab. Configure the Features and Permissions you want to grant access to your cloud environment.For more information, see Azure features and permissions. In Azure Cloud Shell, access the command line interface. Note The Resource Update screen in the Trend Vision One console provides a set of commands to help complete the following steps. The parameters in each step are based on using the default parameters provided when the subscription was first connected. Verify the location of the deployed resource before continuing. Access the folder where the resource is located. Copy the command or type cd [Subscription ID]. Upload the resource creation script to your Azure Cloud Shell. To use a command to upload the template directly to Cloud Shell, select Curl Command. Copy and paste the Curl Command into Cloud Shell to retrieve the template package. The command is dynamically generated based on your account and region. To download the template first and upload from your local machine, select Manual. Click Download the Terraform Template to save the template to your local machine. Make sure your Cloud Shell environment is set to the same region you selected for the Terraform deployment before uploading the package. Extract the template using the command in the Subscription Settings screen.The zip file name contains a randomly-generated number. Copy the command to extract the file: unzip -o cloud-account-management-terraform-package-[randomly generated number].zip -d cloud-account-management-terraform-package. Access the deployment folder.Copy the command or type cd cloud-account-management-terraform-package. Run the deployment script.Copy the command or type ./deploy.sh. Azure Cloud Shell begins the Terraform process to deploy Trend Vision One security resources. In the Trend Vision One console, after the progress completes, close the Subscription Settings screen. The update process can take several moments to complete. You can refresh the Cloud Accounts screen to check the status of your update. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base