---
id: resource-update-alibaba-cloud
title: Alibaba Cloud Resource Update
sidebar_label: Alibaba Cloud Resource Update
description: Alibaba Cloud Resource Update
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Alibaba Cloud Resource Update Update deployed resources in your Alibaba Cloud account to the latest version. Access the Resource Update tab in the Account Settings screen to update the Trend Vision One resources deployed to your project. This may be required as support for new features or functions are added to Cloud Accounts. Important The steps are valid as of November 2024. Procedure Sign in to the Trend Vision One console. In a new tab in the same browser session, sign in to the Alibaba Cloud account you want to connect and access the Cloud Shell. In the Trend Vision One console, go to Cloud Security → Cloud Accounts → Alibaba Cloud. Click the name of the account you want to update. In the Account Settings screen, navigate to the Resource Update tab. Click Download and Review Template to download the template package. The package name is cloud-account-management-terraform-package-[number].zip where the [number] element is a randomly generated number. The randomly generated number ensures the Terraform template is extracted to a unique folder with no other Terraform files. In your Alibaba Cloud Shell, upload the Terraform package. Note The Resource Update screen in the Trend Vision One console provides a set of commands to help complete the following steps. To complete the update process, you must copy each command provided in the screen to enable the Save Changes button. Access the command line interface and extract the template package. Copy the command or type unzip cloud-account-management-terraform-package-[number].zip. If you are manually typing the command, make sure [number] matches the file name of the package you downloaded. Access the extracted folder. Copy the command or type cd cloud-account-management-terraform-package-[number].zip. Run the deployment script. Copy the command or type bash script.sh install. Important The resource creation script must be the only terraform file in the directory. Having more than one terraform file in the folder interferes with deployment process and might cause the update to fail. In the Trend Vision One console, in the Account Settings screen, click Save Changes. The update process might take a few moments to complete. Refresh the Cloud Accounts screen to check the status of your update. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base