---
id: response-actions-cloudposture
title: Cyber Risk Exposure Management response actions
sidebar_label: Cyber Risk Exposure Management response actions
description: Cyber Risk Exposure Management response actions
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Cyber Risk Exposure Management response actions Response actions allow you to directly respond to risks without leaving the Trend Vision One console. You can take specific actions on users, endpoints, or their app/URL access activity manually or automatically based on risk status. After triggering an action, the Zero Trust Secure Access app creates a task and sends the command to the respective enforcement point. Note Actions taken manually take precedence over the automated control configured in secure access rules. The following tables describe the actions you can take on users, endpoints, internal apps, and cloud apps/URLs found in your environment for risk remediation. User Action Description Disable User Account Signs the user out of all active application and browser sessions of the user account. This task might take a few minutes to complete. Users are prevented from signing in any new session. For more information, see Disable User Account task. Enable User Account Allows the user to sign in to new application and browser sessions. This task might take a few minutes to complete. The user's subsequent sign-in attempts and access requests follow the control by secure access rules. For more information, see Enable User Account task. Force Password Reset Signs the user out of all active application and browser sessions, and forces the user to create a new password during the next sign-in attempt. This task might take a few minutes to complete. Note For extra security, require multi-factor authentication (MFA) before allowing users to change passwords. For more information, see Force Password Reset task. Force Sign Out Signs the user out of all active application and browser sessions of the user account. This task might take a few minutes to complete. Users are not prevented from immediately signing back in the closed sessions or signing in new sessions. Note This action is not available for users on your Active Directory (on-premises) or OpenLDAP server. For more information, see Force Sign Out task. Monitor Sign-In Attempt Allows the user to continue with or sign in to new app and browser sessions, monitors and logs all user sign in attempts and browser activity for 24 hours after the rule is triggered, and shows the detection on the Secure Access History screen Endpoint Action Description Isolate Endpoint Disconnects the target endpoint from the network, except for communication with the managing Trend Micro endpoint protection product. For more information, see Isolate Endpoint task. Restore Connection Restores network connectivity to an endpoint that already applied the Isolate Endpoint action. For more information, see Restore Connection task. Cloud App/URL Access Action Description Allow Cloud App/URL Access Allows the access to cloud apps and external URLs on the internet, but does not show the activity on the Secure Access History screen Block Cloud App/URL Access Blocks the access to cloud apps and external URLs on the internet, and shows the activity on the Secure Access History screen For more information, see Block AI Service, Cloud App, or URL Access task. Monitor Cloud App/URL Access Allows the access to cloud apps and external URLs on the internet, and shows the activity on the Secure Access History screen Unblock Cloud App/URL Access Allows access to cloud apps and external URLs on the internet For more information, see Unblock AI Service, Cloud App, or URL Access task. Internal App Access Action Description Allow Internal App Access Allows the access to internal apps configured on Trend Vision One, but does not show the activity on the Secure Access History screen Block Internal App Access Blocks access to internal apps configured on Trend Vision One, and shows the activity on the Secure Access History screen For more information, see Block Internal App Access task. Monitor Internal App Access Allows the access to internal apps configured on Trend Vision One, and shows the activity on the Secure Access History screen Unblock Internal App Access Allows access to internal apps configured on Trend Vision One For more information, see Unblock Internal App Access task. For more information about how to use the Zero Trust actions in Secure Access rules, see Secure access rules. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base