---
id: response-actions-mdr
title: Response actions
sidebar_label: Response actions
description: Response actions
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Response actions Explore the response actions available to the Managed Services operations team. Related information Approval not required Automatically approve Approval not required The following response actions do not require approval. The operations team is automatically authorized to perform these actions on your behalf: Link or unlink Workbench alerts to incidents Add exceptions in Suspicious Object Management Add exceptions in Detection Model Management Conduct memory dumps of processes running on endpoints Note Process memory dumps on endpoints require remote shell sessions which you must approve. To auto approve operations team requests, see Configure response approval settings. Automatically approve You can automate the approval of the following response action requests submitted by the operations team. For instructions on enabling auto approval of requests, see Configure response approval settings. Critical Actions Response Action Name Description Add to Block List Adds supported objects such as Secure Hash Algorithm 1 (SHA-1), uniform resource locator (URL), internet protocol (IP) address, or domain objects to the user-defined Suspicious Objects List, which blocks the objects on subsequent detections. Collect Evidence Collects detailed evidence from specified endpoints to support threat investigation and incident response Important Auto-approval must be enabled to use this response action. Collect File Compresses the selected file detected by the network appliance and Trend Vision One in a password-protected archive and then sends the archive to Response Management. Disable User Account Signs the user out of all active application and browser sessions of the user account. This task might take a few minutes to complete. Users are prevented from signing in any new session. Isolate Endpoint Disconnects the target endpoint from the network, except for communication with the managing Trend Micro endpoint protection product. Quarantine Message Adds the email address to the Blocked Sender list in Cloud App Security and quarantines incoming messages. Restore Connection Restores network connectivity to an endpoint that already applied the Isolate Endpoint action. Scan for Malware Performs a one-time scan on one or more endpoints for file-based threats such as viruses, spyware, and grayware. Terminate Process Terminates the active process and allows you to terminate the process on all affected endpoints. Recommended Actions Response Action Name Description Collect Network Analysis Package Compresses the selected network analysis package, including an investigation package, a packet capture (PCAP) file, and a selected file detected by the network appliance, in a password-protected archive and then sends the archive to Response Management. Configure and Deploy TippingPoint Filter Policy Configures TippingPoint virtual patching filter policies in Intrusion Prevention Configuration and applies the policies on TippingPoint SMS profiles to mitigate common vulnerabilities and exposures (CVE) risks. Run osquery Runs SQL-based queries on specified endpoints to support threat investigation and incident response Important Auto-approval must be enabled in order to use this response action. Run Remote Custom Script Connects to a monitored endpoint and executes a previously uploaded PowerShell or Bash script file. Run YARA Rules Runs custom YARA rules on specified endpoints to support threat investigation and incident response Important Auto-approval must be enabled in order to use this response action. Start Remote Shell Session Connects to monitored endpoints to remotely execute commands, custom scripts or process memory dumps for investigation. Submit for Sandbox Analysis Submits the selected file objects for automated analysis in a sandbox, a secure virtual environment. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base