---
id: restart-security-agent
title: How to restart the Trend Vision One Endpoint Security agent
sidebar_label: How to restart the Trend Vision One Endpoint Security agent
description: How to restart the Trend Vision One Endpoint Security agent
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 How to restart the Trend Vision One Endpoint Security agent Restart the agent after using an authorization token to terminate the program. Note This FAQ is about how to restart the Trend Vision One Endpoint Security agent after using the agent interface to shut down the agent on a Windows endpoint. For information about shutting down the agent, see Agent Interface. For steps on shutting down agent services manually, see How to manually terminate Trend Vision One Endpoint Security agent processes. Some services might require enabling the feature in Endpoint Security Policies before the services restart. After successfully shutting down the Trend Vision One Endpoint Security agent, follow the steps to restart the agent and agent services. Procedure Restart the agent basecamp program. Access Task Manager. Go to Services. Locate the service Trend Micro Endpoint Basecamp. Right click and select Start. Once the service status updates to Running, the agent interface appears when restarting completes successfully. Restart Endpoint Sensor. Access Task Manager. Go to Services. Locate the service CloudEndpointService. Right click and select Start. Verify the status updates to Running to ensure restart is successful. For Standard Endpoint Protection deployments, restart the related services. Locate and execute the application C:\Program Files (x86)\Trend Micro\Security Agent\PccNTMon.exe Run services.msc. For Anti-Malware and Web Reputation, check the following services are running: Apex One Common Client Solution Framework Apex One NT Frameworkhost Service Apex One NT Listener Apex One NT RealTime Scan Trend Micro Unauthorized Change Prevention Service For Intrusion Prevention, check that Trend Micro Vulnerability Protection Service (Agent) is running. For Application Control, check that Trend Micro Application Control Service (Agent) is running. For Device Control, check that Trend Micro Apex One Data Protection Service is running. For Firewall, check that Apex One NT Firewall is running. For Server & Workload Protection deployments, restart the related services. Access Task Manager. Go to Services. Locate the following services. Right-click each and select Start. AMSP ds_agent ds_notifier ds_monitor Verify the status updates to Running for each service to ensure restart is successful. If any service fails to restart, check if the feature is enabled in Endpoint Security Policies. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base