---
id: revoking-access-gmail-inline-mode
title: Revoking access to Gmail (inline mode)
sidebar_label: Revoking access to Gmail (inline mode)
description: Revoking access to Gmail (inline mode)
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Revoking access to Gmail (inline mode) The steps outlined below detail how to revoke the access of Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection to Gmail (Inline Mode). Procedure Choose Administration → Service Account. Select the Gmail (Inline Mode) service account and click Remove. Remove the content compliance rules for routing messages from Gmail to Cloud App Security. Log on to https://admin.google.com as a Google Super Admin. Go to Apps → Google Workspace → Gmail and click Compliance. In the Content compliance section, click Delete for the following rules and then click PROCEED on the displayed dialog box. Rule for inbound protection: TMCAS Content Compliance Rule for Incoming Messages Rule for outbound protection: TMCAS Content Compliance Rule for Outgoing Messages Remove the Trend Micro Cloud App Security application for all of your users. Important The Google Drive, Gmail, Gmail (Inline Mode) service accounts share the same Trend Micro Cloud App Security application. If you are still using the Gmail or Google Drive service account, skip this step and step 5. Visit https://admin.google.com/AdminHome?hl=en&pli=1&fral=1#AppsList:serviceType=MARKETPLACE. Click the application named Trend Micro Cloud App Security. Click the trash icon in the upper right to remove the application. Remove the Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection application from the administrator's personal settings. Go to Google Account → Security → Third-party apps with account access and click manage third-party access. On the Apps with access to your account screen, click the application named Trend Micro Cloud App Security, and then click REMOVE ACCESS. Manually remove the remaining data. For details, see Changes made under inline protection. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base