---
id: revoking-access-google-drive
title: Revoking access to Google Drive
sidebar_label: Revoking access to Google Drive
description: Revoking access to Google Drive
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Revoking access to Google Drive The steps outlined below detail how to revoke the access of Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection to Google Drive. Procedure Choose Administration → Service Account. Select the Google Drive service account and click Remove. Remove the Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection application for all of your users. Note The Google Drive, Gmail, Gmail (Inline Mode) service accounts share the same Trend Micro Cloud App Security application. If you are still using the Gmail or Gmail (Inline Mode) service account, skip this step and step 4. Visit https://admin.google.com/AdminHome?hl=en&pli=1&fral=1#AppsList:serviceType=MARKETPLACE. Click the application named Trend Micro Cloud App Security. Click the trash icon in the upper right to remove the application. Remove the Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection application from the administrator's personal settings. Note The Google Drive, Gmail, Gmail (Inline Mode) service accounts share the same Trend Micro Cloud App Security application. If you are still using the Gmail or Gmail (Inline Mode) service account, do not remove this application. Go to Google Account → Security → Third-party apps with account access and click manage third-party access. On the Apps with access to your account screen, click the application named Trend Micro Cloud App Security, and then click REMOVE ACCESS. Remove the folders created by Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection from the Google Drive administrator's root directory: Temporary folder: trendmicro_cas_temp__dont_change_or_delete Note Unshare the temporary folder and make the folder unavailable to others before removing it. Quarantine folder: trendmicro_cas_quarantine__dont_change_or_delete Note Back up the existing quarantined files if necessary. Manually remove the remaining data. For details, see Changes made under API-based protection. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base