---
id: risk-control-rule-playbook
title: Creating a risk control rule in playbook view
sidebar_label: Creating a risk control rule in playbook view
description: Creating a risk control rule in playbook view
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Creating a risk control rule in playbook view Automate risk management in your environment. Rules can automatically execute predetermined actions to respond to risk events based on conditions you specify. Note At any stage of the rule creation process, you can: Add additional components by clicking . Delete any component by clicking . Procedure On the Secure Access Rules screen, click the Risk Control tab and then click Create Rule. The rule configuration screen appears. Click . Select New rule from the Create from drop-down list, specify a name and description, and then click Next. Tip You can also create a rule from a template or from a Trend Micro recommended rules. Choosing a template may prefill or limit additional components. Select a condition from the list, and then specify the details of how the condition will be triggered. Conditions can check either devices or users. Note Some risk events in the rule templates may have been downgraded from “High risk” without notice. These risk events are no longer shown on the available risk event list. Select the weekly period that the rule is applied and (optional) the start and end dates of the schedule, and then click Next. Note The time uses the defined time zone of the console. Select users or devices targeted by the action, and then click Next. You can add additional conditions to check before taking actions by clicking to the right of your target. Click to the right of Do THIS, and then select an action type. The Edit Action dialog box appears. Select an action from the list and click Next. You can add revocation components by clicking to the right of your action. Select Enable or Disable to toggle the rule, and then click Save. Related information Risk Control Rule components in playbook view © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base