---
id: risky-mobile-apps
title: Risky Mobile Apps
sidebar_label: Risky Mobile Apps
description: Risky Mobile Apps
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Risky Mobile Apps View a list of installed mobile apps considered as risky and manage the risky mobile apps. The Risky Mobile Apps tab lists the installed mobile apps that are considered as risky by Trend Micro Mobile Apps Reputation Service. Trend Micro Mobile Apps Reputation Service is a cloud-based service that automatically identifies mobile threats based on app behaviors. The service uses leading sandbox and machine learning technologies to protect users against malware, privacy leaks, and app vulnerabilities. Note This feature currently supports only Android apps. Mobile Security periodically collects identity information of all mobile apps installed on Android devices and matches the information against pattern data in Mobile Apps Reputation Service to identify risky mobile apps. The following table outlines the actions available on the Risky Mobile Apps screen (Mobile Security → Risky Mobile Apps). Action Description Filter app data On the Risky Mobile Apps tab, use the following drop-down lists and the search box to locate specific app data: Risk level Detection type Last detected On the Approved List tab, use the Last updated drop-down list and the search box to locate specific app data. For more information, see Risky mobile app data. View app details On the Risky Mobile Apps tab, click an app name. View the device summary, static information, and runtime behaviors. Suggest device owners remove installed risky mobile apps On the Risky Mobile Apps tab, select one or more apps and click Send Notification. On the dialog box that pops up, optionally specify content of the notification, and click Send. Add risky mobile apps considered as trusted to Approved List On the Risky Mobile Apps tab, select one or more apps and click Add to Approved List. On the dialog box that pops up, optionally type a description of the app, and click Add. Move approved apps back to the risky mobile app list On the Approved List tab, select one or more apps and click Remove. Refresh app data Click in the upper-right corner to display the latest risky mobile app data. Related information Risky mobile app data Approved List data © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base