---
id: risk-factors
title: Risk factors
sidebar_label: Risk factors
description: Risk factors
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Risk factors View your organization's overall Cyber Risk Index along with the contributing risk factors. The Risk Factors tab displays the overall Cyber Risk Index for your organization over the last 30 days. For an overview of the total points currently contributed by risk events within each risk factor, hover over the corresponding section of the radar chart. To view detailed information about the assets included in the risk analysis, click View Assessment Profiles. Hover over the trend graph to see the overall Cyber Risk Index plus point increases and decreases for the corresponding day. For more detailed information on daily Cyber Risk Index changes, click View daily risk events. Daily Risk Events displays the following information about changes in the Cyber Risk Index to help you understand and prioritize risk remediation efforts: The point change compared to the previous day The point change contributed by each risk factor on the specified day A list of contributing risk events from each risk factor An event timeline detailing instances of specific risk events, the status of the instances, and impacted assets Note Risk event instances older than 30 days on the specified day are included in the Expired event instances count. Expired risk events contribute to reductions in the Cyber Risk Index. Points contributed by individual risk event types, including previously detected event types that have no new or remediated instances, may vary day to day due to changes in how risk events are weighted in the Cyber Risk Index calculation. . In Risk Factors, high-risk events, vulnerabilities, or alerts that contribute to the Cyber Risk Index are organized by individual risk factor. Select any risk factor to view related information and widgets. When no risk factor is selected, Risk Reduction Measures displays your currently selected risk reduction goal and the risk events that should be addressed to meet the goal. Note The risk event count for each risk factor and the Cyber Risk Index trend graph are only visible for users with full asset visibility scope. Risk Factor Description Account compromise Cyber Risk Exposure Management identifies user accounts that display unusual activity, have been detected on the dark web, or have been targeted by malicious email campaigns. Vulnerabilities Vulnerability Assessment works in conjunction with Trend Vision One Endpoint Sensor, Agentless Vulnerability & Threat Detection, and supported third-party tools to locate your endpoints, containers, and cloud VMs with unpatched vulnerabilities. When using Trend Vision One Endpoint Sensor, you also get prioritized insights into whether a threat actor has already attempted to exploit open vulnerabilities. Activity and behaviors Cyber Risk Exposure Management assesses user and device behavior and highlights irregularities that could indicate that you are under attack. Public cloud app activity Cyber Risk Exposure Management leverages the Cloud App Reputation scores calculated by Trend Micro threat experts to analyze user accounts and devices for any public cloud app activity related to potentially risky public cloud apps. System configuration Cyber Risk Exposure Management identifies potential security risks and misconfigurations that could pose a threat to your network. System configuration risks include exposed ports, insecure host connections, insecure IAM and cloud infrastructure configurations, and unsafe software and endpoint configurations. XDR detection Cyber Risk Exposure Management uses data from your organization's Workbench alerts to determine the risk levels of your users and devices. Threat detection Cyber Risk Exposure Management correlates known threat detections with device owners to give you better insight into possible security risks. Security configuration Keep track of your Trend Micro endpoint agent and sensor deployments, update status, and key feature adoption rates. Ensure your Trend Micro solution settings meet your company's security best practices. Predictive analytics Cyber Risk Exposure Management identifies potential risks to your environment by predicting attack paths that could be exploited by threat actors or malware that your environment may be susceptable to, allowing you to take proactive security measures. Predictive analytics risks are identified by correlating Trend Micro threat research and your asset data using AI models that can pinpoint potential threats. Related information Account compromise Vulnerabilities Activity and behaviors Public cloud app activity System configuration XDR detection Threat detection Security configuration Predictive analytics © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base