---
id: risk-assessment
title: Risk assessment
sidebar_label: Risk assessment
description: Risk assessment
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Risk assessment Threat and Exposure Management identifies at-risk assets, and provides remediation and suggested preventative options to manage the risk to your environment. The Risk Assessment tab of the Device, Account, Service Account, and Cloud Asset profile screens displays the Risk Indicators table, which provides details about the risk events affecting your assets. By mitigating the effects of the risk events and taking measures to prevent repeat events, you can lower your company's overall Cyber Risk Index. Expand each row to view remediation actions to manage each event as well as available attack prevention/detection rules you can apply to mitigate the event. After performing remediation actions, create a Zero Trust Secure Access rule to automatically respond to similar attacks in the future. For more information, see Secure access rules. The following table outlines remediation actions for common risk factors. Risk Factor Event Type Remediation Actions Account compromise Leaked account Disable or reset this account with a strong password. Credential anomaly Investigate the event using the Workbench. Email attack Quarantine or delete the message using the product console. Account access Contact account owner to verify this event. Disable the account as required. Anomaly detection Account access Contact account owner to verify this event. If risky, disable or reset this account with a strong password. Device access Contact device owner to verify this event. If risky, disable or reset this device. Threat detection <all> Check event details on product management server. Vulnerability Assessment Operating system vulnerability Apply the latest patch or upgrade the operating system version. Application vulnerability Apply the latest patch or upgrade the application version. XDR detection <all> Investigate the event using the Workbench. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base