---
id: risk-index-algorithm-updates
title: Cyber Risk Index algorithm updates
sidebar_label: Cyber Risk Index algorithm updates
description: Cyber Risk Index algorithm updates
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Cyber Risk Index algorithm updates Cyber Risk Exposure Management periodically updates the cyber risk algorithm to provide customers with a more accurate, timely, and actionable Cyber Risk Index that supports all new features. The Cyber Risk Exposure Management team of threat experts continually strives to improve the Cyber Risk Index algorithm to keep up with the evolving threat landscape and support new Trend Vision One capabilities. Updating risk detection algorithms is a common best practice in the cybersecurity industry. Algorithm updates are applied to all clients but do not affect past risk event scores. In an algorithm update, Trend Micro threat experts may refine the algorithm to reduce unnecessary score fluctuations, take into consideration newly supported data, or enhance organizational risk visibility. Threat experts may also optimize the algorithm by adjusting the relative importance of the following risk type categories: Attack detections Exposure risks Security configuration risks Important Algorithm updates can cause your Cyber Risk Index score to increase sharply. Although sudden increases in the Cyber Risk Index can indicate an ongoing cyber attack, increases coinciding with an algorithm update are most likely caused by the algorithm update. Sharp decreases that coincide with an algorithm update are also likely caused by the update rather than any potential data outages or system issues. Related information May 5, 2025 - Cyber Risk Index algorithm version 3.0 January 29, 2024 - Cyber Risk Index algorithm version 2.0 June 5, 2023 - Cyber Risk Index algorithm version 1.1 © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base