---
id: risk-overview
title: Risk Overview
sidebar_label: Risk Overview
description: Risk Overview
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Risk Overview Learn about the views and widgets available on the Risk Overview tab in Cyber Risk Overview. The Risk Overview tab in Cyber Risk Overview displays a high-level overview of your organization's current security posture. The tab includes: Cyber Risk Index: The Cyber Risk Index is the risk score for your organization derived from an assessment of a variety of cyber risk categories and factors. The comprehensive index provides a high-level picture of the impact of risk events on a wide range of assets, including users, devices, applications, internet-facing domains and IP addresses, and cloud assets. Taking remediation steps and implementing preventative measures in response to risk events lowers your organization's Cyber Risk Index over time. For in-depth information about how the Cyber Risk Index is calculated, see the More than a Number: Your Risk Score Explained white paper. Note The Cyber Risk Index is calculated using all data received from your organization without applying asset visibility scope limits. The Cyber Risk Index automatically updates every four hours. Changes to the status of risk events are reflected in the Cyber Risk Index after up to one hour. You may also manually recalculate the Cyber Risk Index by clicking the Recalculate button. Manual recalculations take up to one hour to display. Disabling either desktop and server or cloud account assessment from the Credits & Pay-as-you-go drawer may cause a sharp drop in your Cyber Risk Index due to fewer assets being assessed. The Cyber Risk Index graph presents a 30-day rolling window of fluctuations in your index. Hover over the graph to see the index for an individual day, including the point change from the previous day, specific risk factor contribution, and the number of contributing assets. Detailed daily increase and decrease information is only available when the change from the previous day is more than one point. While hovering over the Cyber Risk Index graph, click Threat and Exposure Management → Daily Risk Events to view details about the risk events from a particular day. To learn more, see Risk factors. If you have assigned assets to asset groups in Asset Group Management, you may view the cyber risk subindexes of your asset groups by clicking Cyber Risk Subindexes. To learn more, see Get started with cyber risk subindexes. Contributing Categories: View the current risk levels for the risk categories Exposure, Attack, and Security Configuration. Click a category to go to the corresponding overview tab. Risk Event Overview: Click Risk Event Overview to see a list of risk factors, corresponding risk events, and impacted assets that contribute to your organization's Cyber Risk Index. Only the risk events and assets that most affect the Cyber Risk Index are included in the evaluation. To see the total points currently contributed by risk events within each risk factor, hover over the corresponding section of the radar chart. Important Because the Cyber Risk Index is rounded up to the nearest whole number, the point contributions from each risk factor may add up to less than the total Cyber Risk Index. Asset Views: Select a view to display widgets containing the risk summary, notable risk factors, and attack surface overview for a specific asset type, including: Devices Internet-facing assets Accounts Applications Cloud assets Related information Get started with cyber risk subindexes Devices view Internet-facing assets view Accounts view Applications view Cloud assets view © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base