---
id: risk-endpoint-assessment
title: At-Risk Endpoint Assessment
sidebar_label: At-Risk Endpoint Assessment
description: At-Risk Endpoint Assessment
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ At-Risk Endpoint Assessment Scan high-profile endpoints for file-based threat indicators and malicious file activity. You can always find your previous assessment reports by clicking Assessment History on the Cyber Risk Assessment screen. Procedure In the Trend Vision One console, go to Assessment → Cyber Risk Assessment. In the At-Risk Endpoint Assessment area, click Start Assessment. On the At-Risk Endpoints screen, deploy the assessment tool on the target endpoints and select the endpoints to assess. Click Download Assessment Tool. Deploy the assessment tool using your preferred system utility or share the download link with users. For more information, see Deploying the assessment tool to Windows endpoints and Deploying the assessment tool to macOS endpoints. Note Attack Surface Discovery continuously identifies known and unknown assets in your environment to inform your attack exposure and security configuration. Scanning as many endpoints as possible helps expand your view of the attack surface and find threats that might have evaded your existing security solutions. Select the endpoints to assess by clicking Select Endpoints From Inventory, and then click Run Assessment tool. You can select a maximum of 1,000 endpoints at a time. Important In order for the tool to automatically scan and upload data back to the Cyber Risk Assessment app, make sure that the endpoints are online and allowed to connect to Trend Vision One. Wait until all your endpoints finish the assessment. You will receive an email notification when the assessment is complete. Click the link in the notification to access the Trend Vision One console, and click View Report in the At-Risk Endpoint Assessment area. Check the results on the assessment report and take risk remediation actions immediately if necessary. The following table lists the actions available on the report (if applicable). Action Description Download report Download the assessment report as a PDF file. Share report Share the PDF assessment report via email. Start new assessment Start a new at-risk endpoint assessment, cloud mailbox assessment, phishing simulation assessment, external attack surface assessment, Cloud Risk Management assessment, identity posture assessment, or global threat assessment. WARNING Starting a new assessment permanently deletes collected data. Try the XDR Endpoint Sensor in the Endpoint Inventory app Click Enable under the Recommended actions section, and then enable the XDR Endpoint Sensor to continuously monitor vulnerable endpoints. View details in the Cyber Risk Overview app Click View details in the Recommended actions section to find more information about your company's overall risk, exposure, and attack indexes, and security configuration. Reassess endpoints Expand your view of the attack surface by assessing additional endpoints. Related information Assessment tool deployment © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base