---
id: root-intermediate-ca-certificates
title: Root and intermediate CA certificates
sidebar_label: Root and intermediate CA certificates
description: Root and intermediate CA certificates
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Root and intermediate CA certificates Manage the root and intermediate CA certificates of HTTPS web servers. Procedure Go to Zero Trust Secure Access → Secure Access Configuration → Internet Access Configuration. The Internet Access Configuration screen appears. Select TLS/SSL Certificates from the HTTPS Inspection drop-down list. Select Root/Intermediate certificate from the Certificate type drop-down list in the upper left to view and manage the root/intermediate CA certificates added automatically by the system or manually by administrators. You can complete the actions outlined in the following table. Action Description Check a root/intermediate CA certificate View the CA certificate information: Common name: The CommonName (CN) field in the CA certificate Type: The type of the CA certificate, which is Root or Intermediate Expires at: The date and time when the CA certificate becomes invalid Status: Whether the certificate is trusted or untrusted or it is unknown to the system Trusted: TLS/SSL certificates that use this CA certificate in their certificate chain are trusted. Untrusted: TLS/SSL certificates that use this CA certificate in their certificate chain are untrusted. Unknown: The CA certificate is unknown to the system. Click the common name of a certificate to view the certificate details. Add a root/intermediate CA certificate Click Add. Click Select File..., and then select a Base64 encoded (.pem) or ASCII (.p7b) X.509 certificate file from your local machine. Note If you add a certificate that is already in the list, the latest settings override the existing settings. Set the certificate to Trusted or Untrusted. Click Save. Note If the system encounters an unknown CA certificate, it automatically adds the certificate to the system certificate store and sets it to Unknown. Configure a root/intermediate CA certificate Select a certificate and click Set to Trusted or Set to Untrusted in the upper left to change the status of the certificate. Select one or multiple certificates and click Delete in the upper left to delete the certificates from Trend Vision One. Filter root/intermediate CA certificates Use the search text box and the following drop-down lists to filter certificates: Type: Whether the certificate is a root or intermediate CA certificate Status: Whether the certificate is trusted or untrusted or it is unknown to the system © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base