---
id: runtime-security-scanning-ecs
title: Enable Runtime Security and Runtime Scanning on Amazon ECS clusters
sidebar_label: Enable Runtime Security and Runtime Scanning on Amazon ECS clusters
description: Enable Runtime Security and Runtime Scanning on Amazon ECS clusters
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Enable Runtime Security and Runtime Scanning on Amazon ECS clusters Feature Description Runtime Security Provides visibility into any activity of your running containers that violates a customizable set of rules. Important Trend Micro recommends allocating at least an additional 0.5 vCPU and 1 GB memory to your ECS cluster node size on top of your existing requirements before enabling the Runtime Security feature. This is a general-purpose recommendation and can be adjusted based on cluster node size and observed CPU and memory usage. See Adjust the CPU and memory allocations for ECS clusters for more information. Runtime Scanning Provides visibility of operating system and open source code vulnerabilities that are part of containers running in clusters. Important Vulnerability Runtime Scanning supports clusters with pure ARM64 CPU nodes or pure x86_64 CPU nodes. Mixed CPU modes are not supported. A vulnerability scan occurs for each newly-deployed image, and then is rescanned every 24 hours. Vulnerability Runtime Scanning occurs on all active images inside the ECS cluster, including both ECR and non-ECR images. Container Security scans containers in an ECS cluster on a schedule (every 5 minutes). After finding a new uncached image, Container Security posts a scan request to the scan queue, which triggers a SBOM generation in the scan Lambda. This SBOM is uploaded to AsaaS for a vulnerability scan. Procedure Go to Cloud Security → Container Security → Inventory/Overview. In the tree, click Amazon ECS, locate and click the cluster in the list. Turn on Runtime Security. Turn on Runtime Scanning. Click Save. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base