---
id: runtime-security-scanning-kubernete
title: Enable Runtime Security and scanning features
sidebar_label: Enable Runtime Security and scanning features
description: Enable Runtime Security and scanning features
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Enable Runtime Security and scanning features Enable Runtime Security, Runtime Vulnerability Scanning, and Runtime Malware Scanning on Kubernetes clusters. The following table details the runtime security and scanning features available for Kubernetes clusters. Feature Description Runtime Security Provides visibility into any activity of your running containers that violates a customizable set of rules. Runtime Vulnerability Scanning Provides visibility of operating system and open source code vulnerabilities that are part of containers running in clusters. Important Runtime Vulnerability Scanning supports running the malware-scanner component on both ARM64 and x86_64 CPU nodes. Clusters using Helm chart versions older than 3.0.1 can support only x86_64 CPU nodes. A vulnerability scan occurs for each newly-deployed image, and then is rescanned every 24 hours. Cluster worker nodes require at least 2 vCPU and 8 GiB Memory. For more details on the specifications and default limits for these components, you can check the resources section in the helm chart. Runtime Malware Scanning Provides detection of malware in your running containers, enabling you to identify and respond to malware threats introduced after deployment. Runtime Secret Scanning Provides detection of secrets in your running containers. Secret scanning ensures that any secret leaks in production containers are detected quickly. Procedure To enable runtime security and scanning features, add the following parameters to your overrides YAML file (usually named 'overrides.yaml'). runtimeSecurity: enabled: true vulnerabilityScanning: enabled: true malwareScanning: enabled: true secretScanning: enabled: true Example: visionOne: bootstrapToken: <BOOTSTRAP_TOKEN> endpoint: <ENDPOINT> runtimeSecurity: enabled: true vulnerabilityScanning: enabled: true malwareScanning: enabled: true secretScanning: enabled: true To hide sensitive fields for runtime security events, add scout.falco.sanitizer_output to the override file. The scout.falco.sanitizer_output.patterns field uses the key-value pairs that have a Falco event field as the key and a regular expression as the value. (See the fields supported by Falco for more information.) The regular expression determines if the string matching the pattern should be hidden in the event output. The redaction occurs in both output and output_fields in a Falco event. Example: scout: falco: sanitizer_output: enabled: true patterns: proc.pcmdline: (?<=--process\s)\s?(\S+)|(?<=--root\s)\s?(\S+) fd.sip: (?<=169\.254\.)(\S+) Upgrade Container Security using the following command. helm upgrade \ trendmicro \ --namespace trendmicro-system --create-namespace \ --values overrides.yaml \ https://github.com/trendmicro/visionone-container-security-helm/archive/main.tar.gz Related information Runtime Malware Scanning Configuration Settings © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base