---
id: scheduled-reports-email-security
title: Report settings
sidebar_label: Report settings
description: Report settings
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Report settings The Report Settings tab allows you to manage and configure report settings for scheduled report generation and delivery. Scheduled reports automatically generate on a predetermined day based on the configured frequency, and this day is not configurable. Specifically, Daily reports generate on every day. Weekly reports generate on every Sunday. Monthly reports generate on the first calendar day of every month. Quarterly reports generate on the first calendar day of every quarter. Note This screen does not contain any generated reports. To view the generated reports, go to Reports → Generated Reports. Procedure Go to Reports → Report Settings. Click Add, and then complete settings for the report. Section Setting General Settings Status: Move the toggle to enable or disable the report. Name: Specify a name that uniquely identifies the report. Description: Optionally add a description for the report. Frequency: Select how often you want the report to be generated. Options include Daily, Weekly, Monthly, and Quarterly. Report Content Specify the detailed information contained in the report. Managed Domains Select the domains on which you want to include email traffic and threat detection data in the report. Only domains you have permission to manage are available for selection. To view the domains you can manage, go to the account management settings. Notifications Recipients: Specify the email addresses of recipients that receive the report via email. Note Make sure the recipients' domains are your managed domains. Separate multiple recipients with a semicolon. A maximum of 10 recipients is supported. Sending schedule: Specify when reports will be sent by email based on the configured Frequency and time zone. Note When a monthly report is set to send reports on the 29th, 30th, or 31st day, the report is delivered on the last day of the month for months with fewer days. For example, if you select 31, the report is delivered on the 28th (or 29th) in February, and on the 30th in April, June, September, and November. Click Save. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base