---
id: scheduled-scan-targets-tab-apex
title: "Scheduled Scan: Target Tab"
sidebar_label: "Scheduled Scan: Target Tab"
description: "Scheduled Scan: Target Tab"
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Scheduled Scan: Target Tab Procedure In the Schedule section, specify the Scheduled Scan frequency: Daily: Scans every day at the specified time Weekly, every <day_of_week>: Scans once a week on the specified day at the specified time Monthly, on day <number>: Scans once a month on the specified day at the specified time Monthly, on the <ordinal> <day_of_week>: Scans once a month on the specified weekday at the specified time Important If you select a day that does not exist within a given month (for example, day 30 does not exist in February), the Scheduled Scan occurs on the last day of that month. Note When configuring a parent policy, specify how other users can configure child policies. Inherit from parent: Child policies must use the settings configured in the parent policy Are customizable: Other administrators can configure child policies to be different than the parent policy settings. In the Files to Scan section, select from the following: All scannable files: Includes all scannable files. Unscannable files are password protected files, encrypted files, or files that exceed the user-defined scanning restrictions. Note This option provides the maximum security possible. However, scanning every file requires a lot of time and resources and might be redundant in some situations. Therefore, you might want to limit the amount of files the agent includes in the scan. File types scanned by IntelliScan: Scans files based on true-file type. Files with the following extensions (use commas to separate entries): Manually specify the files to scan based on their extensions. Separate multiple entries with commas. Note When configuring a parent policy, specify how other users can configure child policies. Inherit from parent: Child policies must use the settings configured in the parent policy Extend from parent: Child policies can append additional settings to the settings inherited from the parent policy In the Scan Settings section, configure the required settings. Setting Description Scan OLE objects Scans the specified number of Object Linking and Embedding (OLE) layers in a file Detect exploit code in OLE files: OLE Exploit Detection heuristically identifies malware by checking Microsoft Office files for exploit code. Note The specified number of layers is applicable to both the Scan OLE objects and Detect exploit code in OLE files options. Remind users of the Scheduled Scan XX minutes before it runs Select this option to display a notification message on the endpoint before Scheduled Scan begins. Note You can disable the notification message on the Other Settings tab of the Privileges and Other Settings screen. Postpone Scheduled Scan for up to XX hour(s) and XX minute(s) Set the maximum amount of time users with the Postpone Scheduled Scan privilege can delay or pause a Scheduled Scan for. Note You can grant the Postpone Scheduled Scan privilege on the Privileges tab of the Privileges and Other Settings screen. Automatically stop Scheduled Scan when scanning lasts more than XX hour(s) and XX minute(s) Stops a long Scheduled Scan after reaching the configured time duration. Skip Scheduled Scan when a wireless endpoint's battery life is less than XX% and its AC adapter is unplugged Prevents the Trend Vision One Endpoint Security agent from starting a Scheduled Scan if the battery life is low. Resume an interrupted Scheduled Scan Resumes a Scheduled Scan at the specified time if the user interrupted the scan by turning off the endpoint. Resume a missed Scheduled Scan Starts a Scheduled Scan at the specified time if the endpoint was not running when the Scheduled Scan should have started. Scan compressed files Scans the specified number of compression layers within an archived file Note Scanning through more layers may detect malware intentionally buried within a compressed archive, however, the scan may affect system performance. Scan boot area Scans the boot sector of the hard disk on the endpoint for virus/malware In the CPU Usage section, select from the following: High: No pausing between scans Medium: Pause between file scans if CPU consumption is higher than 50%, and do not pause if 50% or lower Low: Pause between file scans if CPU consumption is higher than 20%, and do not pause if 20% or lower © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base