---
id: sdk-or-cli-scanning
title: File Security SDK
sidebar_label: File Security SDK
description: File Security SDK
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ File Security SDK Trend Vision One™ - File Security SDK lets you to scan files using free software development kits (SDKs) or a command line interface (CLI). The SDK and CLI scanner stack scans all incoming files for known malware and active content. File Security SDK can send notifications and quarantine malware. The following architecture diagram illustrates the main File Security SDK information flow. The following SDKs are available in GitHub: SDK for Go SDK for Java SDK for Node SDK for Python The command-line interface (CLI) is also available in GitHub. When deciding which method is best for your organization, consider the following table. SDK versus CLI Feature SDK CLI Scan any file type ✔ ✔ Detect malware anywhere ✔ ✔ Detect active content ✔ ✔ Analyze any size file ✔ ✔ Display real-time scan results ✔ ✔ Examine on-premises applications, containers, clusters, and storage ✔ ✔ Inspect cloud-based applications, containers, clusters, and storage ✔ ✔ Program with one of four languages ✔ Run without a program ✔ Ensuring secure communication with TLS The communication channel between the client program or SDK and the Trend Vision One™ File Security service is fortified with robust server-side TLS encryption. This ensures that all data transmitted between the client and the Trend service remains thoroughly encrypted and safeguarded. The certificate employed by server-side TLS is a publicly-signed certificate from Trend Micro Inc, issued by a trusted Certificate Authority (CA), further bolstering security measures. The File Security SDK consistently adopts TLS as the default communication channel, prioritizing security at all times. Trend Micro strongly advises you not to disable TLS in a production environment while utilizing the File Security SDK, as doing so could compromise the integrity and confidentiality of transmitted data. Related information Scaling and performance with SDK Deploy with Go SDK Deploy with Java SDK Deploy with Node.js SDK Deploy with Python SDK Enable Predictive Machine Learning in File Security SDK Deploy with CLI Taking action after SDK scans © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base