---
id: sdk-version-compatibility
title: SDK version compatibility
sidebar_label: SDK version compatibility
description: SDK version compatibility
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ SDK version compatibility Always use an SDK that is compatible with Server & Workload Protection. Upgrade scenarios Determine whether you need to change your scripts when Server & Workload Protection is upgraded or you upgrade your SDK to take advantage of new or improved capabilities. Server & Workload Protection is upgraded: There is no need to update your SDK or change your scripts when Server & Workload Protection is upgraded. An SDK is compatible with the version of Server & Workload Protection that it is associated with, and with later versions. For example, the SDK that was released with Server & Workload Protection on March 21, 2021 is compatible with Server & Workload Protection released on August 1, 2021. You upgrade your SDK: You might need to make minor changes to your scripts when you upgrade the SDK that you are using. Scripts are not guaranteed to be 100% compatible with versions of the SDK that are later than the version with which the script was created. New versions of the SDK can introduce changes that break your existing scripts. For example, when a new version of an SDK introduces a new required method parameter, to use the new SDK your existing scripts that use that method need to include a corresponding argument. Discover the version of your SDK After you download the SDK you can discover its version. The version number of SDKs for Server & Workload Protection begin with 50. Python: Open any Python source file (*.py) from the SDK in a text editor. The multiline docstring at the top of the file includes the version. For example, the following text indicates a version of 50.0.866: OpenAPI spec version: 50.0.866 Discover the SDK version for Server & Workload Protection The SDK version corresponds with the version that appears in the title of the API Reference. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base