---
id: security-features-xdr-sensors
title: Security features and XDR sensors
sidebar_label: Security features and XDR sensors
description: Security features and XDR sensors
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Security features and XDR sensors Review security features and extended detection & response (XDR) sensors to provide coverage and visibility for discovering attack indicators. The Security Features and XDR Sensors sections provide an overview of feature coverage within your environment. Important Targeted Attack Detection requires enabling Smart Feedback on management servers to begin analyzing your Smart Protection Network data. Enabling Smart Feedback and XDR sensors improves attack visibility. Enabling Predictive Machine Learning and Behavior Monitoring enhance security capability. Targeted Attack Detection displays coverage as a percentage. For security features, this is the percentage of management servers in your environment with the feature enabled. For XDR sensors, Targeted Attack Detection calculates the percentage according to the number of sensors enabled versus how many sensors you can enable according to your product license or available credits. Increasing coverage provides more data from across your network, allowing for more accurate analysis and monitoring of your environment. Click security features to view a list of management servers and manage features. Click XDR sensors to go to the Inventory app and manage sensors. Feature Description Smart Feedback Shares threat information with the Smart Protection Network, allowing Trend Micro to rapidly identify and address new threats Predictive Machine Learning Protects your network from new, previously unidentified, or unknown threats through advanced file feature analysis and heuristic process monitoring Behavior Monitoring Continuously monitors endpoints for unusual modifications to the operating system or on installed software Endpoint Sensor Detects malicious or anomalous activities on monitored endpoints and servers For more information, see Endpoint Inventory. Network Sensor Enables XDR and advanced threat analysis For more information, see Network Inventory. Email Sensor Detects malicious or anomalous email activities on monitored mailboxes For more information, see Email and Collaboration Sensor. Collaboration Sensor Detects malicious or anomalous activities on monitored Microsoft 365 accounts For more information, see Email and Collaboration Sensor. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base