---
id: secure-access-rules
title: Secure access rules
sidebar_label: Secure access rules
description: Secure access rules
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Secure access rules The Secure Access Rules screen provides you an overview of the secure access rules that you have created to mitigate different risks across your network environment. Before creating a secure access rule, grant the following permissions or complete the following configurations: Configure your IAM related settings to allow Trend Vision One to access user data, authenticate users, and take access control actions on your IAM system. For more information, see Supported IAM systems and required permissions. Deploy the private access service to secure access to your organization's internal apps. For more information, see Private Access configuration. Deploy the internet access service to protect your users against risks and threats when they visit cloud apps and external URLs. For more information, see Internet Access and AI Service Access configuration. Action Description Create a secure access rule Secure access rules control the way users can access and use your organization's network environment. The rules enable you to respond to risky behavior or suspicious entities and activities in your environment, so that you can perform dynamic control over access to internal and cloud applications by risk, identity, time, and location. For more information about creating secure access rules, see Modifying a risk control rule in classic view, Creating a private access rule and Creating an internet access rule. Check secure access rule details Click the Risk Control, Private Access Control or Internet Access Control tab to view all the configured rules for your organization. Click a rule name to edit the rule as needed. Change the secure access rule status Click the toggle under Status to enable or disable a rule. Copy or delete a rule Click the delete icon () to delete the rule Click the copy icon () to copy and modify the rule Prioritize secure access rules Rules are applied in order from the highest priority to lowest priority. Risk control rules: Select a rule template from the drop-down list, and then drag a rule and place it at the desired priority. Private access control and internet access control rules: Drag a rule and place it at the desired priority. For the Private Access Control and Internet Access Control rule types, Trend Vision One provides a default rule respectively, which always has the lowest priority. Filter secure access rules Click the Risk Control, Private Access Control or Internet Access Control tab. Use the Rule template, Search by dropdown lists and the search field to filter rules. Related information Creating a risk control rule in playbook view Modifying a risk control rule in classic view Creating a private access rule Creating an internet access rule Creating an AI service access rule Zero Trust actions © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base