---
id: security-awareness
title: Security Awareness
sidebar_label: Security Awareness
description: Security Awareness
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Security Awareness Create phishing simulations to identify users who may need to strengthen their cybersecurity knowledge, and track the progress of training campaigns to educate your users about cyber threats. Use Security Awareness to run phishing simulations and create training campaigns to educate your users about common attack methods used by cybercriminals. Phishing Simulations and Training campaigns work together to give your users the knowledge they need to stand as the first line of defense against cyber threats. The following table describes the features available in Security Awareness. Feature Description Phishing Simulations Use realistic templates and landing pages in automated campaigns to make sure your employees know how to recognize real-world cyber threats. To set up a realistic and safe phishing simulation: Add Phishing Simulations to the allow list for your email provider. Choose a predefined email template and landing page or create custom content. Choose the recipients for the phishing simulation based on your connected data source. Start the phishing simulation immediately or set up a schedule and duration for the simulation. Set up follow-up notifications for participants. Important Phishing simulations are limited to 12 campaigns per year with a maximum of 200 recipients unless you upgrade your pricing package to Cyber Risk Exposure Management - Essentials. Training Campaigns Enroll your team in top-tier cybersecurity awareness training to arm your employees with the knowledge necessary to protect themselves and your organization. To begin a training campaign for your organization: Select a name for your campaign. Choose a program from the available library of content or upload a custom program. Select campaign participants based on your connected data source. Send out invitations to your participants. Schedule reminders to send to participants reminding them to complete the training program. Related information Security Awareness firewall exceptions Get started with training campaigns Get started with phishing simulations Set up allow lists for Security Awareness © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base