---
id: security-update-policies
title: Version Control Policies
sidebar_label: Version Control Policies
description: Version Control Policies
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Version Control Policies Create and configure policies to centrally manage your agent and endpoint sensor updates. Important Version control policies only support endpoints with the Trend Vision One Endpoint Security agent version 202412 or later installed. For detailed information, see Version control policies agent requirements Scheduling of component updates is managed by the Server & Workload Protection and Standard Endpoint Protection Managers. Use the Version Control Policies screen (Endpoint Security → Endpoint Security Configuration → Version Control Policies) to create policies which enable you to control version updates for your agents. Version control policies allow you to configure agent program and component updates separately, including the option to pause and resume scheduled updates. Version control policies manage agent and component updates for the Trend Vision One Endpoint Security agent and enrolled Protection Manager components. For detailed information about what version control policies manage, see Version control policies feature enrollment. The following table lists the options available on the Version Control Policies screen. Options Screen Location Description Create a new version control policy Click Create Version Policy to create a new policy Policy list filters Use filters to find a specific policy or priority rule Select items from the drop-downs to find a policy based on update status or version policy. Policy actions After selecting a policy or priority from the displayed list, you can take the following actions: Pause: Pause a scheduled agent update or component update. Updates do not resume automatically. Resume: Resume a paused agent update or component update. Delete: Delete a policy. Important You cannot delete a priority from the policy list. To delete a priority, click on the policy name to edit. For more information, see Configuring version control policies. You cannot delete the Default policy. Additional actions Access the following actions by clicking the icons: Display Guides (): Reopens the exploration guide Show/Hide Columns (): Customizes the columns that display in the list Additional Settings (): Click to perform the following actions: Click Security update version details to view the latest agent versions and the component versions available in each snapshot Click Protection Manager enrollment to manage which instances of Server & Workload Protection and Standard Endpoint Protection updates are managed by version control policies. For more information, see Version control policies feature enrollment. Policy list View and edit policies by navigating the policy list You can expand or collapse each policy to show or hide the configured priority rules within that policy. Click a policy name to edit the policy. Related information Version control policies feature enrollment Version control policies agent requirements Configuring version control policies Version control policies troubleshooting and FAQ © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base