---
id: security-posture-details-overview
title: Security Posture Details Pane
sidebar_label: Security Posture Details Pane
description: Security Posture Details Pane
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Security Posture Details Pane The details pane on the Security Posture tab displays more detailed information about the compliance levels, critical threat detections, and total resolved/unresolved events on your network. The default view displays the selected compliance indicator information for all nodes on your network for the last 7 days. Select a different compliance indicator to change the compliance information that displays. Click a node on the chart to display only the information for the selected node. Click the settings icon ( → ) to change the Period for the data that displays. Compliance Information Indicator Description Antivirus pattern compliance Displays the percentage of Security Agents using acceptable Virus Pattern and Smart Scan Agent Pattern versions You can also view the following details: Managed agents: The number of endpoints that have Apex One or Worry-Free Business Security Services Security Agents installed With compliant virus patterns: The number of managed agents using acceptable Virus Pattern and Smart Scan Agent Pattern versions With outdated virus patterns: The number of managed agents not using acceptable Virus Pattern and Smart Scan Agent Pattern versions Offline for 7 days: The number of managed agents that have not communicated with the managed product server in 7 or more days Exceptions: The number of users or endpoints excluded from the compliance calculations Unmanaged endpoints: The number of endpoints that do not have Apex One or Worry-Free Business Security Services Security Agents installed Expand the categories and click a count to view additional details about the affected endpoints. Data Loss Prevention compliance Displays the percentage of Data Loss Prevention enabled Apex One agents with an acceptable number of threat detections You can also view the following details: Managed agents: The number of endpoints that have Apex One or Worry-Free Business Security Services Security Agents installed With acceptable threat detections: The number of managed agents with an acceptable number of threat detections With unacceptable threat detections: The number of managed agents that exceeded the acceptable number of threat detections Offline for 7 days: The number of managed agents that have not communicated with the managed product server in 7 or more days Exceptions: The number of users or endpoints excluded from the compliance calculations Unmanaged endpoints: The number of endpoints that do not have Apex One or Worry-Free Business Security Services Security Agents installed Expand the categories and click a count to view additional details about the affected endpoints. Critical Threats Section Description Critical threats Displays the total number of unique critical threats (by threat type) detected on your network Lists all the critical threat types affecting your network For threat types with detections: Expand the threat type to view a list of detections. Click a detection to view additional details on the Threat Information screen. Affected users Displays the total number of users affected by critical threats Expand the section to view affected users. Click an affected user to view additional details on the User information screen. Affected endpoints Displays the total number of endpoints affected by critical threats Expand the section to view affected endpoints. Click an affected endpoint to view additional details on the Endpoint information screen. Total Events Data Description Total events Displays the total number of events detected Resolved events Displays the number of resolved events on your network Unresolved events Displays the number of unresolved events on your network that require action Affected users Displays the number of users affected by unresolved events on your network Click the count to view details about the affected users. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base