---
id: sensor-details
title: Sensor Details
sidebar_label: Sensor Details
description: Sensor Details
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Sensor Details Manage settings and review information about your Virtual Network Sensors. The Sensor Details screen provides a summary of information about your connected Virtual Network Sensor to help with managing your environment. You can open the Sensor Details screen in the Trend Vision One console by going to Network Security → Network Inventory → Virtual Network Sensor and clicking the sensor identifier on the inventory list. The Sensor Details screen is divided into two tabs: System Information System Settings The System Information tab provides basic information about the Virtual Network Sensor. System Information Field Description Connection status The status of the connection between Network Inventory and the sensor Sensor version The Virtual Network Sensor version If the sensor is out-of-date, hover over the warning icon () and click Update now to manually update to the latest version. You can configure how the Virtual Network Sensor performs updates on the System Settings tab of the Sensor Details screen. Important Manually updating always updates to the latest version. Network Inventory only maintains update support for Virtual Network Sensor versions released within the last six months. Versions older than six months might require redeployment to use the latest version. Bandwidth The amount of bandwidth allocated to the sensor Platform The host platform for the Virtual Network Sensor deployment Build Virtual Network Sensor build number GUID The GUID of the Virtual Network Sensor Network Sensor The status of Network Analytics Network Analytics is automatically enabled when deploying a Virtual Network Sensor. Service Gateway Name and IP address of the Service Gateway the Virtual Network Sensor connects to A value only appears if you configured the Virtual Network Sensor to connect to a Service Gateway. Send to sandbox Status of the send to sandbox feature The System Settings tab provides options to help configure some of your Virtual Network Sensor features. System Settings Setting Description Sensor update Configure update settings Click the configure icon () to turn on automatic updates and schedule when to perform updates. For more information, see Configure sensor update settings. SSH access Enable/disable SSH access SSH access allows administrators to sign in remotely to manage sensors, execute commands, and copy or upload files to the sensor using an SSH client. Detection mode Set the sensor detection mode Only available if you have enabled hypersensitive mode in Support Settings. Related information Configure sensor update settings © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base