---
id: service-gateway-management
title: Service Gateway Management
sidebar_label: Service Gateway Management
description: Service Gateway Management
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Service Gateway Management A Service Gateway appliance can bridge your on-premises or third-party products through use of specialized services. The Service Gateway provides connections to on-premises products, agents, and third-party applications deployed within your organization's network, providing visibility and allowing management of connected applications through Service Gateway Management. The Service Gateway Management screen (Workflow and Automation → Service Gateway Management) provides an overview of connected Service Gateways. Note The newly enhanced Service Gateway Management provides advanced service capabilities and better resource utilization. Migrate your existing Service Gateway 1.0 appliances now. The Service Gateway Management (Legacy) tab only appears to customers still managing older appliances. Action Description Deploy a Service Gateway Click Download Virtual Appliance to open the Service Gateway Virtual Appliance panel. Follow the steps for your virtualization software to deploy the Service Gateway virtual appliance. Before deploying your Service Gateway, ensure that your appliance meets the minimum requirements and that your network topology meets your needs. For more information, see Getting started with Service Gateway. Check Service Gateway details Click a name in the Service Gateway column to view the Service Gateway screen. You can manage services from the Service Gateway screen. For more information, see Service Gateway services. Configure Service Gateway settings Click the gear icon () to open the Service Gateway Settings panel. For more information, see Configure Service Gateway settings. Manage Service Gateway storage Click the name of the Service Gateway you want to manage, and then click the settings icon () next to the storage information to manage storage settings. For more information, see Manage Service Gateway storage. Disconnect a Service Gateway Click the Disconnect button to disconnect a Service Gateway. Disconnecting deletes the Service Gateway settings and usage data stored on Service Gateway Management. Pause and resume traffic to a Service Gateway Click Pause Traffic to pause the flow of information through the selected Service Gateway appliance. Click Resume Traffic to restore the traffic flow. Export appliance configurations Click the Export Configuration button to export the settings of the selected appliances as a CSV file. Manage the API key Click the Manage API Key button to obtain or update the API key. The API key is required for Suspicious Object List synchronization and TippingPoint log forwarding. You can also view the connected Service Gateways and services using the current API key. Related information Getting started with Service Gateway Service Gateway appliance configuration Service Gateway Management (legacy) Service Gateway troubleshooting and FAQs © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base