---
id: servicenow-communication
title: ServiceNow communication
sidebar_label: ServiceNow communication
description: ServiceNow communication
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ ServiceNow communication If you use ServiceNow in your business workflow, you can manually create tickets or configure triggers for automatic ticket creation for any relevant events in your account. Set up a ServiceNow channel Click on Create a ServiceNow channel. Set automatic notifications Set manual notifications Input Channel Name to distinguish the channel from others of the same type Note The field is limited to 20 characters Configure Triggers Configure board now requires a three-step process Integrate with ServiceNow by entering the following details ServiceNow URL Username Password On successful integration, the Cloud Risk Management dashboard will automatically load the meta-data from your ServiceNow account. Enter Extra settings to customize your communication channel. You can set a notification to be reported as either a Problem, Incident or a Configuration Test Result. Configure Advanced settings for example, Creation override and Resolution override. Note To send notifications to multiple users, you can assign a ServiceNow ticket to a group directly. Test settings to ensure correct configurations have been set up Note The itil role does not need delete permissions, however, if you choose not to provide the delete permissions, the test record created by Cloud Risk Management will still exist after the connection is tested. Copy communication settings Custom Field Examples You can include most custom fields in the override fields under Advanced settings. For example: Creation override { "impact": 1, "urgency": 1, "priority": 1 } Resolution override { "close_notes": "Problem/Incident has been marked as resolved by Cloud Risk Management." } JSON example for override field of Service Now (SNOW) integration. Creation Override: { "impact": 1, "urgency": 1, "priority": 1 } Resolution Override: { "close_notes": "Problem/Incident has been marked as resolved by Cloud Risk Management." } This will work with SNOW API here. Example of JSON from Cloud Risk Management Cloud Risk Management posts to Table API v1 (/api/now/v1/table/problem or /api/now/v1/tableincident). Request body looks like this: { "short_description": "", "description": "", "comments": "", "urgency": "", "impact": "", "priority": "", "assigned_to": "" "caller": ""<== Only for incidents, } Depending on the version and configuration of your ServiceNow instance, extra fields may be available. You can refer to REST API Explorer from within ServiceNow to see which fields are available to include on request override. Filtering Incidents/Problems Option 1: Using a Source field In ServiceNow, add a custom field to the Incident/Problem table. Keep a note of the Column name being generated. For example, when the custom field 'Source' was created it generated a column name 'u_source'. For more information about adding custom fields to a ServiceNow table, see: Adding Fields to a Table. In Cloud Risk Management, add a Creation override JSON payload for the Cloud Risk Management account’s ServiceNow communications channel settings. Configure the ServiceNow channel by going to Main Dashboard → Select {Account} → Settings → Communication settings → Update communication settings → Configure 'ServiceNow'. Click Configure board. Under Advanced Settings, add the JSON payload with the custom field as key (e.g. u_source) and the value as Trend Micro. E.g. {"u_source": "Trend Micro"}. Enter the password again and press the Connect button to enable the Save button. The custom Source field can now be used for filtering. Option 2: Using a custom field You can use a custom field to filer the description information ending with the keywords source: Trend Micro for an Incident/Problem generated by Cloud Risk Management. In ServiceNow, go to All Incidents/Problems > click on the filter icon. Select Description from the first dropdown, ends with from the second and enter Trend Micro. Click Run to display the Incidents/Problems generated by Cloud Risk Management with a description ending with "Trend Micro". Additional configuration steps for the ServiceNow Problem ITSM type To enable the integration to update the state to Resolved: Remove readonly from the 'State' field for the Problem table Click All from the top menu and search for 'Dictionary'. Under System Definition, click Dictionary. Under the Table column, enter 'Task'. Under the Column name column, enter 'State' and press enter. Under the Table column, click on the task link. In the second table, click on Dictionary Overrides. Under the Table column, click on the problem link. Uncheck Read only and click Update. Enable the State flow from Assess to Resolved for the Problem table Click on All from the top menu and search for 'State Models'. Under the Name column, click on the Problem Management: Default Flow link. Under the State column, click the Resolved link. Under Enter Condition, press Cmd + Click (MacOS) / Ctrl + Click (Windows) on Assess to add it to the highlighted States. Click Update. Configure Resolution code as a non-mandatory field This step is vital to ensure that the state flow works with the minimum configuration changes. Click All from the top menu and search for 'Data Policies'. Click Data Policies under System Policies → Rules. Click on the magnifying glass icon beside the Short description column to view the table filters. Enter Make 'Resolution code' mandatory when State is 'Resolved' in the text field below the Short description column. Click on the Make 'Resolution code' mandatory when State is 'Resolved' link. Deleselect the Active option. Select Update. You will be redirected to the Data Policies screen and the Active column is now set to false for the policy. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base