---
id: service-account-profile
title: Service account profile
sidebar_label: Service account profile
description: Service account profile
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Service account profile The service account profile screen details the account risk score, cloud activities, and device associations. Available actions: Hover over the asset name to view critical information about the service account, such as the current risk score, asset criticality, and significant profile tags. To manually modify the criticality of the account, click Modify Criticality, select a criticality source of Custom, and select the criticality of the asset. Click the actions icon ( ) to access actions for the selected asset. Using this menu, you can view the Asset Risk Graph, add the account to an exception list, or take response actions. The following table describes the tabs available on the account profile screen. Tab Description Risk Assessment A service account risk assessment displays activity data in several widgets. Risk Score: Assessment of the service account's behavioral and cloud activity over the last 30 days Note A service account risk score is calculated every 4 hours. Risk Indicators: A list of events that might indicate the service account is vulnerable to attack Account Activity by location: A geographical representation of where the service account has been accessed Asset Risk Graph The Asset Risk Graph illustrates the asset's connection to other assets in your environment. Click any asset in the Asset Risk Graph to view details, including asset criticality, significant profile tags, and risk indicators. Click the label in an arrow to view a description of the relationship, such as the first and last time a connection occurred. To manually modify the criticality of the asset, click Modify Criticality, select a criticality source of Custom, and select the criticality of the asset. Public Cloud App Activity Account public cloud app activity displays in several widgets. Sanctioned / Unsanctioned Public Cloud App Access: Indicates how often a user or device accesses sanctioned or unsanctioned public cloud apps Reputation of Visited Public Cloud Apps: Displays how many public cloud apps the user or device accessed on a given day and the proportionate reputations of the apps Public Cloud App Usage by Category: Displays the categories of the public cloud apps accessed by the user or device Account Activity: A geographical representation of where the user account has accessed public cloud apps Devices Devices accessed by the service account and each device's risk score Click a device name to view the Device profile. Asset Profile Detailed information about the asset, including asset criticality and a complete list of the asset's pre-defined profile tags, third-party tags, and custom tags created by your organization and assigned to the asset. You may modify the values for select pre-defined tags by clicking the edit () icon next to the tag. To modify custom tags on the asset, click Manage Tags To manually modify the criticality of the asset, click Modify Criticality, select a criticality source of Custom, and select the criticality of the asset. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base