---
id: set-up-permissions-sam-macos-15
title: Setting up permissions for the Secure Access Module on endpoints using macOS version 15 or later
sidebar_label: Setting up permissions for the Secure Access Module on endpoints using macOS version 15 or later
description: Setting up permissions for the Secure Access Module on endpoints using macOS version 15 or later
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Setting up permissions for the Secure Access Module on endpoints using macOS version 15 or later Grant the permissions required to allow the Secure Access Module to run on endpoints on macOS versions 15 or later. Important The steps and screens contained in these instructions were valid as of February 2025. After the Secure Access Module is deployed to a macOS endpoint, the end user must grant a series of required permissions when opening or signing into Zero Trust Secure Access for the first time. Procedure Allow the Zero Trust Secure Access system extension to control network access: Sign into Zero Trust Secure Access on the end-user device. Click Continue on the dialog box that appears.A screen with instructions for allowing system extensions appears. Click Open Login Items & Extensions.A System Settings page open along with a pop-up message stating that Zero Trust Secure Access would like to use a the network extension. Click Open System Settings.The Network Extensions popup opens. Toggle on the Zero Trust Secure Access network extension and click Done. On the Zero Trust Secure Access Allow System Extension page, click Verify. Update the Certificate Trust Settings by entering your password and clicking Update. Grant notification permissions to be alerted when Zero Trust Secure Access blocks network access: Sign into Zero Trust Secure Access on the end-user device. Click Options on the notification that appears. Click Allow. Tip Notifications can also be enabled later from System Settings/Notifications Zero Trust Secure Access item. Allow Zero Trust Secure Access to access system events to enable the collection of device posture information. Sign into Zero Trust Secure Access on the end-user device.. Click OK to allow control of system events. Note System event access can also be enabled later from Permission Management within Zero Trust Secure Access. Allow Zero Trust Secure Access to set up the required VPN: Open Zero Trust Secure Access on the end-user device. Click Allow to allow Zero Trust Secure Access to add VPN configurations. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base