---
id: settings
title: Managed Services settings
sidebar_label: Managed Services settings
description: Managed Services settings
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Managed Services settings Specify the contact information, response approval settings, critical asset list, and cross-app management settings for your organization. Tab Action Contact Information Add contacts to receive alert and report notifications. You must add at least one contact during the initial setup. The Managed Services team may contact the phone number you specified in an emergency. To change your preferences in receiving phone call notifications for different alert severities, contact the Managed Services team. By default, the first contact you add is the primary contact. If there is only one contact, the only contact must allow both alert and report notifications. Manage existing contacts that receive alert and report notifications. The email address is mandatory for the primary contact, and for contacts that receive report notifications only. Update contact information or remove contacts if necessary. To change the primary contact, move another contact to the top of the list. Each contact must have a unique email address. Response Approval Configure response approval settings to specify how response actions proceed before execution. For more information about actions the operations team can perform on your behalf, see Response actions. For more information about enabling request auto approval, see Configuring Response Approval Settings. Asset Management Upload an asset list as a CSV file to provide a centralized view of your critical assets to the Managed Services operations team. Click Import Assets to upload your asset list. The CSV file must be smaller than 256 KB. Cross-App Management Automatically update the status of related Workbench alerts when the MDR case status changes. Automatically create a ServiceNow ticket when an MDR case is created. Related information Configure response approval settings © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base