---
id: setting-up-mobile-device-director
title: Set up Mobile Device Director
sidebar_label: Set up Mobile Device Director
description: Set up Mobile Device Director
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Set up Mobile Device Director Configure enrollment settings to deploy the Mobile Security for Business app to managed mobile devices. Procedure Go to Mobile Security → Mobile Inventory to display the Mobile Security landing page. If you have already set up an MDM integration, click the settings icon () and click Add MDM Solution. Under I don’t have an MDM solution, click Set Up Mobile Security. If you have already set up an MDM integration, under I don’t have an MDM solution,choose Select an MDM solution → Mobile Device Director. Review the Mobile Security functionality and click Next. On the Enrollment Settings screen, configure Android or iOS/iPadOS device enrollment. Click the Android Enrollment tab and enroll Android devices. Click the iOS/iPadOS tab and enroll iOS/iPadOS devices. Grant Mobile Security permissions on your Microsoft Entra ID data. Click the User Configuration tab, click Go to Third-Party Integration. In the Status column, locate the Microsoft Entra ID tenant that you want to grant permissions on, and then click Grant permissions for the Mobile Security app. Sign in to Microsoft Entra ID with an administrator account that manages the Microsoft Entra ID tenant. Review the permissions required and click Accept. When permissions are successfully granted, the tenant name appears in User Configuration. Mobile Security can access your Microsoft Entra ID data in the target tenant and send device enrollment invitations to the end users. Note Mobile Security can access your Microsoft Entra ID data in one tenant only. To allow Mobile Security to access Microsoft Entra ID data in another tenant, block permissions on the current tenant and grant permissions on a new tenant in the Microsoft Entra ID section of the Third-Party Integration app. (Optional) To require user sign-in during device enrollment, click Require Users to Sign In on the dialog that displays. In enrollment settings, Require users to sign into Azure Active Directory (AD) before enrolling is selected. The devices will be managed with user information from Microsoft Entra ID. Configure advanced settings. Click the Advanced Settings tab. Select the interval for synchronizing user and group data from Microsoft Entra ID. Select the interval for calculating memberships for assignment groups of the “Dynamic devices” type. Related information Enroll Android devices Enroll iOS/iPadOS devices © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base