---
id: setup-permissions-sam-macos
title: Setting up permissions for the Secure Access Module on endpoints using macOS versions 11 to 14
sidebar_label: Setting up permissions for the Secure Access Module on endpoints using macOS versions 11 to 14
description: Setting up permissions for the Secure Access Module on endpoints using macOS versions 11 to 14
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Setting up permissions for the Secure Access Module on endpoints using macOS versions 11 to 14 Grant the permissions required to allow the Secure Access Module to run on macOS endpoints. Important The steps and screens contained in these instructions were valid as of February 2024. The screens were taken using macOS 13 (Ventura). After the Secure Access Module is deployed to a macOS endpoint, the end user must grant a series of required permissions when opening or signing into Zero Trust Secure Access for the first time. Procedure Allow the Zero Trust Secure Access system extension to control network access. Sign into Zero Trust Secure Access on the end-user device. Click Continue on the dialog box that appears.A screen with instructions for allowing system extensions appears along with a pop-up message stating that the system extension has been blocked. Click Open System Settings.The Privacy & Security menu opens. Scroll to the Security sub-menu. Click Allow next to the message stating that Trend Vision One Zero Trust Secure Access system software was blocked from loading. Grant notification permissions to be alerted when Zero Trust Secure Access blocks network access. Sign into Zero Trust Secure Access on the end-user device. Click Options on the notification that appears. Click Allow. Tip Notifications can also be enabled later from Permission Management within Zero Trust Secure Access. Allow Zero Trust Secure Access to access system events to enable the collection of device posture information. Sign into Zero Trust Secure Access on the end-user device. Click OK when asked to allow control of system events. Tip System event access can also be enabled later from Permission Management within Zero Trust Secure Access. Allow Zero Trust Secure Access to set up the required VPN. Sign into Zero Trust Secure Access on the end-user device. Click Allow when asked to allow Zero Trust Secure Access to add VPN configurations. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base