---
id: setup-google-workspace-allow-list
title: Set up a Google Workspace allow list
sidebar_label: Set up a Google Workspace allow list
description: Set up a Google Workspace allow list
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Set up a Google Workspace allow list Configure the allow list settings for Google Workspace to ensure the delivery of Security Awareness Training training campaign invitations and reminders, and simulated phishing emails to employees in your organization.. Procedure Record the Security Awareness sending IP addresses. On the Trend Vision One console, go to Cyber Risk Exposure Management → Security Awareness → Phishing Simulations. Click Settings. Click Settings and copy the sending IP addresses. Important The sending IP addresses change over time. Check the list before launching a training campaign or phishing simulation. Configure your Google Workspace to allow training campaign invitations and reminders, and phishing simulation emails from Security Awareness.. Important The following instructions were valid as of November 1, 2023. For further help, refer to the Google Workspace documentation. Sign in to your Google Admin console using an administrator account. Go to Apps → Google Workspace → Gmail → Spam, Phishing and Malware. Select the top-level organization, which is usually your domain. Hover over the Email whitelist section and click Edit. Enter the sending IP addresses separated by commas. Click Save. To ensure that the connection does not time out, disable enhanced pre-delivery message scanning. Hover over the Enhanced pre-delivery message scanning section and click Edit. Disable Enables improved detection of suspicious content prior to delivery. Click Save. Note Trend Micro recommends re-enabling Enhanced pre-delivery message scanning after your campaign delivery rate reaches 100%. In the Spam section, click Configure. On the Add setting screen, enter a description for the setting. Select Bypass spam filters for messages received from addresses or domains within these approved senders lists. Click Create or edit list. The Manage address list screen opens in a new browser tab. Click Add address list. In the Name field, enter Trend Vision One Sender. Click Add address. Enter the Trend Vision One sender domain name. Disable Authentication required. Click Save. On the Spam, Phishing and Malware tab, click Save. You have configured Google Workspace to allow employees in your organization to receive training campaign invitations and reminders, and phishing simulation emails from Security Awareness. To prevent warning banners from appearing in the Gmail inboxes of your organization's employees who receive training campaign invitations and reminders, and phishing simulation emails, add the Security Awareness Training sending IP addresses to your inbound gateway. In the Spam, Phishing and Malware screen, hover over the Inbound gateway section and click Edit. In the Gateway IPs field, click Add. Enter the Security Awareness sending IP addresses and then click Save. Enable Message is considered spam if the following header regexp matches. Specify text for the spam header tag that is unlikely to be found in your phishing simulation emails. Enable Disable Gmail spam evaluation on mail from this gateway; only use header value for email messages from this gateway using the header value option. Click Save. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base