---
id: sg-1-0-system-requirements
title: Service Gateway 1.0 appliance system requirements
sidebar_label: Service Gateway 1.0 appliance system requirements
description: Service Gateway 1.0 appliance system requirements
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Service Gateway 1.0 appliance system requirements Service Gateway requires the following minimum specifications. The Service Gateway virtual appliance supports deployment on VMware ESXi 6.5, 6.7, or 7.0, and on Windows Server 2019 and 2022 with Hyper-V enabled. Nested virtual machines are not supported. Service Virtual CPUs (Minimum / Recommended) Virtual Memory (Minimum / Recommended) Virtual NICs Supported Products ActiveUpdate 2 / 4 4 GB / 8GB 1 Apex One / OfficeScan 11-14 Deep Discovery Inspector 5.6-6.0, 6.5 Deep Security 10-20 Active Directory connection 2 / 4 4 GB / 8 GB 1 Active Directory services (on-premises) supported on the following Windows operating systems: Windows Server 2022 Windows Server 2019 Windows Server 2016 Windows Server 2012 For more information, see Third-Party Integration. Forward proxy 4 / 8 6 GB/ 12 GB 1 Trend Vision One endpoints with the following operating systems: Windows macOS TippingPoint log forwarding 1 / 2 2 GB / 4 GB 1 TippingPoint Security Management System 5.5 Patch 1 and above Requires an API key. To obtain the key, go to Workflow and Automation → Service Gateway Management and click Manage API Key. Smart Protection Services 3 / 6 4 GB / 8 GB 1 For more information on Smart Protection Services support, see Smart Protection Services product support. Suspicious Object List synchronization 2 / 4 4 GB / 8 GB 1 Deep Discovery Inspector 5.8 SP1 and above Deep Discovery Analyzer 7.1 and above TippingPoint Security Management System 5.5 and above Requires an API key. To obtain the key, go to Workflow and Automation → Service Gateway Management and click Manage API Key. Third-party intelligence synchronization 2 / 4 4 GB / 8 GB 1 For more information on integrating third-party applications, see Third-Party Integration. Note The virtual CPUs require a minimum speed of 2.3 GHz with hyper-threading support, Virtualization Technology (VT), and 64-bit architecture. The virtual disk requires a minimum size of 500 GB. For VMware ESXi deployments, Service Gateway only supports the VMXNET3 network adapter with a minimum speed of 1000 Mb/s. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base