---
id: sg-appliances-hyper-v
title: Deploy a Service Gateway virtual appliance with Microsoft Hyper-V
sidebar_label: Deploy a Service Gateway virtual appliance with Microsoft Hyper-V
description: Deploy a Service Gateway virtual appliance with Microsoft Hyper-V
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Deploy a Service Gateway virtual appliance with Microsoft Hyper-V Instructions on how to use the Command Line Interface (CLI) to deploy a Service Gateway virtual appliance with Microsoft Hyper-V. Verify that system requirements are met. For more information, see Service Gateway appliance system requirements. Procedure Go to Workflow and Automation → Service Gateway Management. Click Download Virtual Appliance. The Service Gateway Virtual Appliance panel appears. Select Microsoft Hyper-V (VHD). Select a virtual appliance specification and click Download Disk Image to download an VHD file in a compressed archive. Tip Copy the registration token for later steps. The registration token will expire within 24 hours if not used. Extract the VHD file using a ZIP extractor. Create a virtual machine. On Hyper-V Manager, right-click on your machine and New → Virtual Machine. Click Next. Specify a name for the Service Gateway virtual appliance and click Next. Specify Generation 1 and click Next. Specify the amount of memory needed for the VM based on the system requirements, and then click Next. Specify the network connection that the VM will use, and then click Next. Click Use an existing virtual hard disk, and then click Browse. Navigate to the location where you extracted the VHD file, select the file, and then click Open. Click Next. Review the settings, and then click Finish. From the Hyper-V Manager Virtual Machines list, right-click on the Service Gateway virtual appliance and click Settings. Click Processor, specify the number of virtual processors, and then click OK. From the Hyper-V Manager Virtual Machines list, right-click on the Service Gateway virtual appliance and click Connect. Click Start to start the virtual machine. Service installation during the first launch of the appliance takes approximately 10 minutes. On the Service Gateway virtual appliance, log on to the Command Line Interface (CLI) with the default credentials. User name: admin Password: V1SG@2021 Change your password. Type enable and press the ENTER key to enable administrative commands. Provide your password when asked. The command prompt changes from > to #. Configure the required network settings using the following CLISH commands. Configure network primary ipv4.static <interface> <ip_cidr> <gateway> <dns1> [dns2] [cni] Configure static IPv4 network settings for the primary network interface <interface>: Name of the network interface (for example, eth0) <ip_cidr>: IPv4 address of the network interface in CIDR notation <gateway>: Gateway router address <dns1>: Primary DNS server address [dns2]: Secondary DNS server address [cni]: Internal network address pool (IP address ending in .0.0) To register the Service Gateway virtual appliance to Trend Vision One, use an SSH tool, such as the latest version of PuTTY, and using an account with administrator privileges, type the following command. register <registration_token> You can obtain the token from the same screen you download the virtual appliance on Trend Vision One (step 3). Important The virtual appliance only supports UTC time. Ensure your hypervisor is correctly configured. Note If your environment uses a local Network Time Protocol (NTP) server, make sure the NTP server synchronizes with the local time for successful registration. Trend Micro recommends using an SSH client to easily copy and paste the registration token. Use the CLI to configure other settings, if required. For more information on available commands, see Service Gateway CLI commands. For details on setting up a virtual appliance with two network cards, see Service Gateway Virtual Appliance dual network card configuration. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base