---
id: smart-folder-operators
title: Operators
sidebar_label: Operators
description: Operators
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Operators Use operators to refine how your smart folders search for computers. Smart folder operators indicate whether matching computers should have a property value that is identical, similar, or dissimilar to your search term. Not all operators are available for every property. Operator Description Example usage EQUALS The search query only finds computers that are an exact match. A search query for "Windows" in the Operating System property does not find computers with "Windows 7" or "Microsoft Windows". DOES NOT EQUAL The search query finds any computers that are not an exact match. A search query for "Amazon Linux (64 bit)" in the Operating System property finds all computers other than Amazon Linux 64-bit machines. CONTAINS The search query finds any computers that contain the search term. A search query for "203.0.113." in the IP Address property finds any computers on the 203.0.113.xxx subnet. DOES NOT CONTAIN The search query finds any computers that do not contain the search term. A search query for "Windows" in the Operating System property finds any computers that do not have "Windows" in their operating system name. ANY VALUE The search query finds all computers with the selected property. A search query in the Group Name property finds all computers in that group. IN RANGE The search query finds all computers between the specified start and end range. A search query in the IP Address property with Start Range 10.0.0.0 and End Range 10.255.255.255 would find all computers with IP addresses between 10.0.0.0 and 10.255.255.255. NOT IN RANGE The search query finds all computers that are not between the specified start and end range. A search query in the IP Address property with Start Range 10.0.0.0 and End Range 10.255.255.255 finds all computers that have IP addresses outside the range of 10.0.0.0 and 10.255.255.255. Yes The search query finds all computers with the selected property. A search query with Yes selected for the Docker property finds any computers with the Docker service running. No The search query finds all computers that do not have the selected property. A search query with No selected for the Docker property would find any computers that do not have the Docker service running. OLDER THAN The search query finds all computers prior to the specified date for the property. Used with an accompanying DAYS, WEEKS, HOURS, or MINUTES operator. A search query with OLDER THAN, 7, DAYS for the Last Successful Recommendation Scan property finds computers that have had a successful recommendation scan 8 days or longer ago. MORE RECENTLY THAN The search query finds all computers more recent than the specified date for the property. Used with an accompanying DAYS, WEEKS, HOURS, or MINUTES operator. A search query with MORE RECENTLY THAN, 1, MONTH for the Last Successful Recommendation Scan property finds computers that have had a successful recommendation scan earlier than 1 month ago. NEVER The search query finds all computers that do not match the property. A search query with NEVER for the Last Successful Recommendation Scan property finds computers that have never had a successful recommendation scan. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base