---
id: submitting-objects-for-analysis
title: Submitting objects for analysis
sidebar_label: Submitting objects for analysis
description: Submitting objects for analysis
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Submitting objects for analysis Submit files and URLs to the sandbox and view the analysis results in Trend Vision One. Important The daily reserve limits the number of objects you can analyze per day. Objects with a "Not analyzed" risk level do not count toward the daily reserve. The sandbox detects objects identical to previous submissions. Identical objects are not re-analyzed and do not count toward the daily reserve. Procedure Go to Threat Intelligence → Sandbox Analysis. Click Submit Object. The Submit Object panel appears. Select the object type. File Click Select and locate a file for submission. Important The sandbox only analyzes supported file types. The total file size cannot exceed 100 MB, including extracted objects. (Optional) Specify the command line arguments that are used when the sandbox runs the submitted file object. A maximum of 1,024 characters can be entered. Arguments apply only to Portable Executable (PE) files and script files. Specify the password for password-protected files. Note The sandbox uses virus and infected as default passwords. If the submitted object uses either one as a password, you do not need to specify any passwords here. URLs Specify a URL with a maximum of 2,048 characters and then press ENTER. Important You can submit up to 10 URLs to the sandbox. Each URL counts as a separate object toward the daily reserve. The sandbox can only analyze HTTP and HTTPS addresses. Domain names must use Punycode (RFC-3492) format. URL paths and query strings must use percent-encoding (RFC-3986) format. Examples of converting URLs to Punycode and percent-encoding: Original: https://www.großliet.com/DOWNLOAD/MANUAL/PC Für Manual 4th Ed.xml Punycode and percent-encoding: https://www.grossliet.com/DOWNLOAD/MANUAL/PC%20F%C3%BCr%20Manual%204th%20Ed.xml Original: http://名がドメイン.com/wiki/国際化ドメイン名 Punycode and percent-encoding: http://xn--v8jxj3d1dzdz08w.com/wiki/%E5%9B%BD%E9%9A%9B%E5%8C%96%E3%83%89%E3%83%A1%E3%82%A4%E3%83%B3%E5%90%8D (Optional) Click a URL to edit the link. Click Submit Object. The Sandbox Analysis screen displays the status of submitted objects. Note The sandbox may not be able to analyze an object for various reasons. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base