---
id: suspicious-connection-config
title: Configuring Suspicious Connection Settings
sidebar_label: Configuring Suspicious Connection Settings
description: Configuring Suspicious Connection Settings
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Configuring Suspicious Connection Settings Trend Vision One Endpoint Security agents can log and block all connections made between endpoints and addresses in the Global C&C IP list. You can also log, but still allow access to, IP addresses configured in the User-defined Blocked IP List. Trend Vision One Endpoint Security agents can also monitor connections that may be the result of a botnet or other malware threat. After detecting a malware threat, Trend Vision One Endpoint Security agents can attempt to clean the infection. Procedure Enable the Detect network connections made to addresses in the Global C&C IP list setting to monitor connections made to Trend Micro confirmed C&C servers and select to Log only or Block connections. To allow agents to connect to addresses in the User-defined Blocked IP list, enable the Log and allow access to User-defined Blocked IP list addresses setting. Note You must enable network connection logging before Trend Vision One Endpoint Security agents can allow access to addresses in the User-defined Blocked IP list. Select Detect connections using malware network fingerprinting to enable the feature. Configure the Monitoring Level settings for Detection and Prevention. Important Higher monitoring levels provide greater sensitivity but might generate a large number of nonessential logs and impact endpoint performance. Trend Micro recommends selecting 2 - Moderate for more relevant data with minimal impact on your endpoints. The Prevention level must be the same or lower than Detection. The Threats to block selection might affect the prevention actions taken for the selected prevention level. Select the Action to take. Log only: Record the event and take no action. Block: Block the connection. To allow Trend Vision One Endpoint Security agents to attempt to clean connections made to C&C servers, enable the Clean suspicious connections when a C&C callback is detected setting. Trend Vision One Endpoint Security agents use GeneriClean to clean the malware threat and terminate the connection to the C&C server. Important You must enable Log connections using malware network fingerprinting before Trend Vision One Endpoint Security agents can attempt to clean the connections made to C&C servers detected by packet structure matching. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base