---
id: suspicious-object-actions
title: Suspicious object actions
sidebar_label: Suspicious object actions
description: Suspicious object actions
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Suspicious object actions You can specify actions for connected products to take after detecting specific suspicious objects. Trend Vision One connects to different products and sends the Suspicious Object List to the connected products for detection. The connected products then apply the specified action based on their capability. Note Adding IP addresses to the Suspicious Object List does not disrupt the existing connection to the specified endpoints. Only new attempts to connect to the specified endpoints are blocked. The following table outlines the object types and actions supported by different products and applications. Product/Service Object Type Action Trend Vision One Endpoint Security agent - Endpoint detection and response (Windows) File SHA-1 Log, Block File SHA-256 IP address URL Domain Important The Log and Block actions for File SHA-1 and File SHA-256 are only supported for PE and ELF file formats. The Block action for URL and Domain requires enabling the browser extension in endpoint security policies. For more information, see Configure endpoint security policies. Trend Vision One Endpoint Security agent - Endpoint detection and response (Mac) File SHA-1 Log, Block File SHA-256 IP address URL Domain Note The Log and Block actions for File SHA-1 and File SHA-256 are only supported for MACH-O file formats. Trend Vision One Endpoint Security agent - Endpoint detection and response (Linux) File SHA-1 Log, Block File SHA-256 Note The Log and Block actions for File SHA-1 and File SHA-256 are only supported for EXE file format. Trend Vision One Endpoint Security agent with Standard Endpoint Protection (Windows) IP address Log, Block URL Domain File SHA-1 File SHA-256 Note To take action on File SHA-1 and SHA-256 objects, you must first activate Application Control for Standard Endpoint Protection. The Log and Block actions for File SHA-1 and SHA-256 objects are only supported for PE and ELF file formats. Service Gateway IP address Log, Block URL Domain File SHA-1 File SHA-256 Note The connected products of Service Gateway apply the specified action based on their capability. For the list of connected products, see Configure Service Gateway settings. Zero Trust Secure Access Internet Access IP address Log, Block URL Domain File SHA-1 Trend Cloud One - Endpoint & Workload Security (Windows) IP address Log Domain Log File SHA-1 Log, Block File SHA-256 Log, Block Note Endpoint & Workload Security supports the Log action for Deep Security Agent version 20.0.0-4185 or later for Windows. The Log and Block actions for File SHA-1 and File SHA-256 are only supported for PE and ELF file formats. You must enable Activity Monitoring and have an XDR add-on license for Trend Cloud One - Endpoint & Workload Security in order to block and log suspicious objects. Trend Cloud One - Endpoint & Workload Security (Linux) IP address Log Domain Log File SHA-1 Log, Block File SHA-256 Log, Block Note Endpoint & Workload Security supports the Log action for Deep Security Agent version 20.0.0-4185 or later for Linux. The Log and Block actions for File SHA-1 and File SHA-256 are only supported for PE and ELF file formats. You must enable Activity Monitoring and have an XDR add-on license for Trend Cloud One - Endpoint & Workload Security in order to block and log suspicious objects. Trend Cloud One - Endpoint & Workload Security (macOS) IP address Log, Block Domain File SHA-1 File SHA-256 URL Note Endpoint & Workload Security supports the Log and Block actions for Deep Security Agent version 20.0.0-198 or later for macOS. The Log and Block actions for File SHA-1 and File SHA-256 are only supported for MACH-O file format. You must enable Activity Monitoring and have an XDR add-on license for Trend Cloud One - Endpoint & Workload Security in order to block and log suspicious objects. Trend Micro Apex One as a Service IP address Log, Block URL Domain File SHA-1 File SHA-256 Note To take action on File SHA-1 and SHA-256 objects, you must first activate Application Control for Trend Micro Apex One as a Service. The Log and Block actions for File SHA-1 and SHA-256 objects are only supported for PE and ELF file formats. Trend Micro Apex One (on-premises) IP address Log, Block URL Domain File SHA-1 File SHA-256 Note To take action on File SHA-1 and SHA-256 objects, you must first activate Application Control for Trend Micro Apex One (on-premises). The Log and Block actions for File SHA-1 and SHA-256 objects are only supported for PE and ELF file formats. Trend Micro Cloud App Security Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection URL Log, Quarantine File SHA-1 File SHA-256 Sender address Note After identifying a suspicious URL, file, or sender address in an email message, Cloud App Security quarantines the message from all supported mailboxes protected by Cloud App Security. Trend Micro Deep Discovery Inspector version 6.7 SP1 or later IP address Log URL Domain File SHA-1 Trend Micro Deep Security File SHA-1 from Sandbox Note File SHA-1 objects added through third-party intelligence and manual operations are not supported. Log, Block Trend Micro Email Security Cloud Email Gateway Protection URL Log, Quarantine File SHA-1 File SHA-256 Sender address Block TippingPoint Security Management System IP address Log, Block URL Domain File SHA-1 File SHA-256 Important TippingPoint Security Management Systems do not automatically apply actions provided by Trend Vision One. You must set up a profile in the TippingPoint Security Management System with a reputation filter that selects entries from the reputation database and specifies the action. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base