---
id: switch-smart-conventional-scan
title: Switching from Smart Scan to Conventional Scan
sidebar_label: Switching from Smart Scan to Conventional Scan
description: Switching from Smart Scan to Conventional Scan
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Switching from Smart Scan to Conventional Scan The following table provides other considerations when switching agents to conventional scan. Considerations When Switching to Conventional Scan Consideration Details Number of Trend Vision One Endpoint Security agents to switch Switching a relatively small number of Trend Vision One Endpoint Security agents at a time allows efficient use of the Apex One (Mac) server and Smart Protection Server resources. These servers can perform other critical tasks while Trend Vision One Endpoint Security agents change their scan methods. Timing When switching back to conventional scan, Trend Vision One Endpoint Security agents will likely download the full version of the Virus Pattern and Spyware-active Monitoring Pattern from the Apex One (Mac) server. These pattern files are only used by conventional scan agents. Consider switching during off-peak hours to ensure the download process finishes within a short amount of time. Also consider switching when no Trend Vision One Endpoint Security agent is scheduled to update from the server. Agent tree settings Scan method is a granular setting that can be set on the root, domain, or individual agent level. When switching to conventional scan, you can: Create a new group and assign conventional scan as its scan method. Any Trend Vision One Endpoint Security agent you move to this group will use conventional scan. When you move the Trend Vision One Endpoint Security agent, enable the setting Apply settings of new group to selected agent(s). Select a group and configure it to use conventional scan. Smart scan agents belonging to the group will switch to conventional scan. Select one or several smart scan agents from a group and then switch them to conventional scan. Note Any changes to the group's scan method overrides the scan method you have configured for individual Trend Vision One Endpoint Security agents. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base