---
id: sys-sg-requirements
title: Service Gateway appliance system requirements
sidebar_label: Service Gateway appliance system requirements
description: Service Gateway appliance system requirements
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Service Gateway appliance system requirements View detailed Service Gateway system requirements based on service deployment The Service Gateway virtual appliance supports local deployment on VMware ESXi 6.5, 6.7, 7.0, or 8.0, on Windows Server 2019, 2022, and 2025 with Hyper-V enabled, and on Nutanix AHV clusters. Cloud deployments are supported on AWS, Azure, and Google Cloud Platform (GCP). Service Gateway does not support deployment as a nested virtual machine. The Service Gateway virtual appliance supports two types of appliance specifications to choose from, depending on predicted traffic usage: Standard image: 12 CPUs, 16 GB memory, 500 GB storage Minimal image: 8 CPUs, 12 GB memory, 200 GB storage Important When configuring multiple services, you must allocate the minimum virtual CPU and virtual memory requirement per service to ensure proper functionality. For example, to configure a Service Gateway with the minimum requirements for both TippingPoint log forwarding and TippingPoint policy management (rounding up to logical units): Virtual CPUs: 1 + 0.5 = 2 CPUs Virtual memory: 2 GB + 786 MB = 3 GB Service Virtual CPUs (Minimum / Recommended) Virtual Memory (Minimum / Recommended) Virtual NICs Supported Products Firmware 2 / 4 4 GB / 8 GB 1 ActiveUpdate 1 / 2 2 GB / 4 GB 1 Apex One / OfficeScan 11-14 Deep Discovery Inspector 5.6-6.2, 6.5 Deep Security 10-20 Standard Endpoint Protection Server & Workload Protection On-premises directory connection 2 / 4 4 GB / 8 GB 1 Active directory services supported on the following Windows operating systems: Windows Server 2012 Windows Server 2016 Windows Server 2019 Windows Server 2022 OpenLDAP 2.4 and above Forward Proxy 3 / 6 4 GB / 8 GB 1 Endpoint agents (including Standard Endpoint Protection agents, Server & Workload Protection agents, and Endpoint Sensor agents) installed on the following operating system types: Windows macOS Linux Generic Caching Service 3 / 6 4 GB / 8 GB 1 Trend Vision One Endpoint Security agent Standard Endpoint Protection Server & Workload Protection TippingPoint log forwarding 1 / 2 2 GB / 4 GB 1 TippingPoint Security Management System 5.5.4 and 6.0.0 Requires an API key. To obtain the key, go to Workflow and Automation → Service Gateway Management and click Manage API Key. Nessus Pro 0.5 / 1 500 MB / 1 GB 1 Nessus Pro For more information, see Nessus Pro integration. Rapid7 - Nexpose 0.5 / 0.5 500 MB / 1 GB 1 Rapid7 - Nexpose Smart Protection Services 2 / 4 2 GB / 4 GB 1 For more information on Smart Protection Services support, see Smart Protection Services product support. Suspicious Object List synchronization 1 / 2 2 GB / 4 GB 1 Deep Discovery Inspector 5.8 SP1 and above Deep Discovery Analyzer 7.1 and above TippingPoint Security Management System 5.5.4 and above Requires an API key. To obtain the key, go to Workflow and Automation → Service Gateway Management and click Manage API Key. Syslog Connector 2 / 4 500 MB / 1 GB 1 For more information, see Third-Party Integration. Third-party intelligence synchronization 1 / 2 2 GB / 4 GB 1 For more information, see Third-Party Integration. Third-Party Log Collection Service The minimum and recommended requirements for this service depend on the predicted number of logs per second (LPS): 30,000 LPS: 1 / 2 50,000 LPS: 2 / 4 100,000 LPS: 4 / 8 4 GB / 8 GB 1 For more information, seeThird-Party Log Collection TippingPoint policy management 0.5 / 0.5 768 MB / 768 MB 1 Intrusion Prevention Configuration TippingPoint Security Management System 5.5.4 and 6.0.0 ZTSA On-Premises Gateway 4 / 12 8 GB / 16 GB 1 For more information, see Internet Access and AI Service Access configuration. ZTSA On-Premises Gateway with AI 8 / 16 20 GB/ 28 GB 1 For more information, see Internet Access and AI Service Access configuration. Request to use standard image. Note Each Service Gateway appliance can be configured with up to two network interface cards (NICs). The virtual CPUs require a minimum speed of 2.3 GHz with hyper-threading support, Virtualization Technology (VT), and 64-bit architecture. System requirements for services do not include firmware. When estimating requirements, add firmware to the services you want to use. For example, the minimum system requirements for a virtual appliance with ActiveUpdate are 3 virtual CPUs (2 + 1) and 6 GB virtual memory (4 + 2) in total. Before upgrading to Service Gateway 3.0, ensure that your system meets the minimum architecture requirements. Service Gateway 3.0 supports only AMD or Intel 64-bit (x86-64-v2 and later). © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base