---
id: syslog-server-profiles
title: Syslog server profiles
sidebar_label: Syslog server profiles
description: Syslog server profiles
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Syslog server profiles Cloud Email Gateway Protection allows you to add, edit or delete syslog server profiles for syslog forwarding. Procedure Go to Logs → Syslog Settings. The Syslog Forwarding tab appears by default. Click the Syslog Server Profiles tab. Click Add or click the name of an existing profile name. The Add Syslog Server Profile or Edit Syslog Server Profile screen appears. Specify or edit the following for a syslog server: Profile name: Unique profile name for a syslog server. Description: Description of this profile. Server address: IP address or FQDN of the syslog server. Port: Port number of the syslog server. Protocol: Protocol to be used to transport logs to the syslog server. TCP TLS+TCP This option applies the Transport Layer Security (TLS) encryption for messages sent to the syslog server. Format: Format in which logs are sent to the syslog server. Key value CEF For details about the Common Event Format (CEF) format, see Content mapping between log output and CEF syslog type. Severity: Severity level assigned to syslog messages. Emergency Alert Critical Error Warning Notice Informational Debug Facility: user mail auth authpriv local0 local1 local2 local3 local4 local5 local6 local7 Enable TLS authentication: Whether to enable TLS authentication for the connection between the syslog server and Cloud Email Gateway Protection. Click Save. If you select the Enable TLS authentication check box, Cloud Email Gateway Protection starts to execute TLS authentication. If the TLS authentication is successful, the new syslog server profile appears in the profile list on the Syslog Server Profiles tab or the existing profile is updated. If the TLS authentication is unsuccessful, the Peer Certificate Summary dialog box pops up, displaying peer certificate information such as the certificate ID, subject, and subject key ID. When detecting that the certificate is not issued by a known Certificate Authority (CA), Cloud Email Gateway Protection prompts you to trust or not trust the certificate. In other cases, an error message is displayed, instructing you how to fix the error. Note To test the connection between the syslog server and Cloud Email Gateway Protection, click Test under Connection. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base