---
id: system-configuration
title: System configuration
sidebar_label: System configuration
description: System configuration
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 System configuration View information about the System configuration risk factor, which is determined by misconfigured security settings in your managed assets. The System Configuration risk factor contributes to your exposure level. The following table outlines the widgets available in the System Configuration section. Widget Description Risk Metrics View information about specific configuration risks The Internet-Facing asset configuration section displays the number of hosts with insecure connection or unexpected internet-facing services or ports. The Cloud infrastructure configuration section displays high-risk configurations and compliance violations effecting your cloud infrastructure. The IAM configuration section displays accounts with weak authentication, excessive privilege, sign-on activity from legacy authentication protocols, and settings that increase attack surface risk. System Configuration Risk Events Lists risk events effecting your organization When viewing risk events, click the number in the case column to view current cases involving the specified risk event. Click the options icon () to open a new case for the risk event or add the case to an existing risk event. You can also select up to five internet-facing subdomains or public IPv4 addresses to scan for exposures. For more information, see Internet-facing asset exposure scans. The following table describes the risk indicators associated with the System configuration risk factor. Indicator Description Data sources Target Internet-facing asset configuration Misconfigured settings on publicly facing domains and IP addresses Domain IP address Cloud infrastructure configuration Misconfigured settings on cloud infrastructure, such as cloud instances and platforms Trend Cloud One - Conformity Trend Cloud One - Endpoint & Workload Security Cloud asset Connected SaaS app configurations Misconfigured settings in the connected SaaS apps managed by your organization Salesforce Microsoft 365 Connected SaaS app IAM configuration Misconfigured settings on IAM services Microsoft Entra ID User Cloud service configuration Misconfigured settings on cloud-based applications, software, and services Trend Vision One Container Security Trend Cloud One - Conformity Cloud service Endpoint configuration Misconfigured security settings on endpoint devices Trend Vision One Endpoint Sensor Trend Cloud One - Endpoint & Workload Security Device Related information Accounts with weak authentication Accounts that increase attack surface risk Accounts with excessive privilege Cloud asset compliance violations © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base