---
id: tag-management
title: Tag Management
sidebar_label: Tag Management
description: Tag Management
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Tag Management View and manage the tags your organization uses throughout Trend Vision One. Important This is a "Pre-release" feature and is not considered an official release. Please review the Pre-release disclaimer before using the feature. Note This feature is not available in all regions. The Tag Management app allows you to create and manage tags, create rules to automatically tag your assets, and gain centralized visibility into all the Trend Vision One tags used by your organization. By leveraging asset tagging, you can keep your assets organized and gain additional context. The following table outlines the actions available in the Tag Management app. Action Description Manage custom tags Go to Tag Management → Tag library → All custom tags to create and manage custom tags for your organization. Manage customizable platform tags Go to Tag Management → Tag library → Customizable to edit, delete, and manage customizable platform tags. Note You can add tag values to customizable platform tags and assign the tags to assets. Manage assignable platform tags Go to Tag Management → Tag library → Assignable to edit and manage assignable platform tags. Note Assignable platform tags have tag values defined by Trend Micro, but you can assign the tags to assets. Sync and manage external tags Go to Tag Management → External tags to create cloud mappings and manage your third-party tags in Trend Vision One. Create automated tagging rules Go to Tag Management → Automated tagging to create and manage automated tagging rules. View automated tagging rule execution results Go to Tag Management → Execution results to view successful and unsuccessful automated tagging rule runs. Related information Tag library External tags Automated tagging Execution results © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base