---
id: tag-library-tab
title: Tag library
sidebar_label: Tag library
description: Tag library
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Tag library View an inventory of your organization's tags. The Tag library screen displays your organization's inventory of tags, including the following information: Tag property: The tag key, which encompasses all associated tag values Tag values: The number of tag values associated with the tag property Tip Expand the list of tag values for a given tag property to view the number of each asset type tagged with each value. Tagged assets: The number of assets tagged with a value of the tag property Use the Assigned to assets dropdown list to filter by whether tags are already assigned to one or more assets Use the Asset type dropdown list to filter by the asset type to which tags are assigned The following table outlines the actions available on the Tag library → Custom tags screen. Action Description Create custom tags Click + Add tag to create a new custom tag. Edit custom tags Click the icon next to a custom tag property to open the Manage tags window. Modify the tag property and values, then click Save. Delete custom tag properties Click the icon next to a custom tag property, then click Delete in the confirmation window. Note Deleting a custom tag deletes the tag property and all associated tag values. You cannot delete tag properties with one or more tag values used in an automated tagging rule. Manage tagged assets Click Manage assets next to a tag value to assign the tag to assets, or remove the tag from existing tagged assets. Remove custom tags from all assets Select one or more tag values and click Remove from all assets, then click Remove in the confirmation window. Note Removing a tag from all assets does not delete the tag. Delete custom tags Select one or more tag values and click Delete, then click Delete in the confirmation window. Note Deleting custom tags deletes the selected tag values, except for values used in automated tagging rules. The following table outlines the actions available on the Tag library → Customizable screen. Action Description Edit platform tags Click the icon next to a customizable platform tag property to open the Edit tags window and add or modify the tag values, then click Save. Manage tagged assets To assign or remove a tag from assets, click Manage assets next to a tag value. You can also expand the list of tag values and click the number of tagged assets for any given asset type. Remove platform tags from all assets Select one or more tag values and click Remove from all assets, then click Remove in the confirmation window. Important If you remove a tag value of the Asset group tag from all assets, you make the associated asset group empty. Empty asset groups do not display data when selected for analysis in any Trend Vision One features. Delete platform tags Select one or more applicable tag values and click Delete, then click Delete in the confirmation window. Important If you delete a tag value of the Asset group tag, you delete the associated asset groups. Deleted asset groups no longer appear when selecting asset groups for analysis in any Trend Vision One features. The following table outlines the actions available on the Tag library → Assignable screen. Action Description Manage tagged assets To assign or remove a tag from assets, click Manage assets next to a tag value. You can also expand the list of tag values and click the number of tagged assets for any given asset type. Related information Create custom tags Manage tagged assets © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base