---
id: telemetry-entra-id
title: Microsoft Entra ID data used by Identity Security
sidebar_label: Microsoft Entra ID data used by Identity Security
description: Microsoft Entra ID data used by Identity Security
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Microsoft Entra ID data used by Identity Security Identity Security uses data from Microsoft Entra ID for identity asset discovery and identity exposure management. The following table lists the Microsoft Entra ID data used by Identity Security and the permissions used to obtain data. Note Identity Security uses Microsoft Graph API to obtain data from Microsoft Entra ID. All the permissions used by Identity Security are application permissions that allows Identity Security to access resources without requiring a signed-in user. All the permissions require admin consent. Identity Security uses the least privileged permissions necessary to collect data. When a permission required for certain data also grants access to additional data, Identity Security uses this permission instead of requesting a separate, more specific permission for the additional data. Category Data Permission Used User Users' properties and relationships User.Read.All Sign in User sign-in activity AuditLog.Read.All Attributes related to applied conditional access policy or policies that are triggered by a sign-in activity Policy.Read.All Directory audit Directory audit logs AuditLog.Read.All Directory.Read.All Message rule Rules that apply to messages in the Inboxes of users MailboxSettings.Read Directory role Directory roles that are activated in the tenant and their members Directory.Read.All Group Group information, including: All the groups available in an organization Properties and relationships of groups Members in groups Directory.Read.All Group.Read.All Service principal Service principal information, including: Instances of applications in a directory Delegated permissions that have been granted to an application's service principal Directory.Read.All Conditional access policy Properties and relationships of conditional access policies Policy.Read.All Organization Properties and relationships of organizations Organization.Read.All Place Basic location attributes such as name, physical address, and geographic coordinates Place.Read.All © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base