---
id: template-based-playbooks
title: Template-based playbooks
sidebar_label: Template-based playbooks
description: Template-based playbooks
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Template-based playbooks Learn about creating template-based playbooks to automate and orchestrate your response to security incidents. Trend Vision One comes with a set of predefined playbook templates. The templates provide a ready-to-use workflow that can be quickly set up to meet your needs. Some playbook templates have a fixed workflow, while others are fully customizable. Playbook templates themselves cannot be executed. You need to create a playbook from them. Multiple playbooks can be created from the same template. Playbook templates consist of various node types that allow you to trigger execution, define the target of the playbook, handle conditions, and carry out actions. You can view the list of currently available playbook templates from the Templates tab in the Security Playbooks app. Category Playbook Template Description Cyber Risk Exposure Management Account Response Sends notifications and mitigates accounts with account configuration risks, such as weak authentication and excessive privileges Automated High-Risk Account Response Takes actions automatically in response to higher risk accounts CVEs with Global Exploit Activity - Internet-Facing Assets Notifies specified recipients about internet-facing assets, such as hosts and public IPs, containing CVEs with high, medium, or low global exploit activity CVEs with Global Exploit Activity - Internal Assets Notifies specified recipients about internal assets, such as endpoints and mobile devices, containing CVEs with high, medium, or low global exploit activity Risk Event Response Sends notifications and takes actions at specified times in response to new or ongoing risk events Security Awareness Training Campaign Creates security awareness training campaigns for user accounts targeted by account compromise and XDR detection risk events Agentic SIEM & XDR Endpoint Response Runs custom scripts on endpoints or isolates compromised endpoints during an investigation Automated Response Playbook Takes actions automatically in response to workbench alerts generated by supported data sources / processors Incident Response Evidence Collection Collects evidence to support threat investigation and incident response Important The availability of certain template-based playbook types depends on your license entitlement for the associated Trend Vision One features and the required data sources. For more information, see Security playbooks requirements. Related information Create Incident Response Evidence Collection playbooks © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base