---
id: template-scanner
title: Trend Vision One™ Cloud Risk Management - Template Scanner
sidebar_label: Trend Vision One™ Cloud Risk Management - Template Scanner
description: Trend Vision One™ Cloud Risk Management - Template Scanner
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Trend Vision One™ Cloud Risk Management - Template Scanner Location Top navigation bar > Template Scanner Template Scanner enables you to run Trend Vision One™ – Cloud Risk Management Rules on your Terraform, AWS Cloud Development Kit (CDK), Serverless Framework, and AWS CloudFormation templates for detecting risks in your AWS, Azure and GCP accounts. You can add preventative security and governance controls to the workflow to identify and remediate issues prior to launching any services and resources. What is Template Scanner? Supported cloud provoders Supported features Scan via UI Scanning a CloudFormation template Scanning AWS Cloud Development Kit (CDK) Scanning Serverless Framework Scanning Terraform Scan via API Supported Rules Why do I not see any scan results? What is Template Scanner? Template Scanner provides a preventative measure to ensure your cloud infrastructure for Azure, AWS and GCP remains compliant by detecting risks in your Infrastructure as Code (IaC) before it's deployed. You can use this service to scan Cloudformation templates and terraform configuration files. Supported Cloud Providers Template Scanner currently supports the following cloud providrers. For details on specific coverage support for each cloud provider, see: Template Scanner Coverage AWS Azure GCP Supported features To scan your IaC files, you can use one or a combination of the following: Using the application UI to upload templates Using the API to post requests with templates Feature Template Scanner UI/API Graphical interface to load files ✅ Public API ✅ Account and Profile Rule settings ✅ Github Integration ❌ AWS CloudFormation ✅ AWS Cloud Development Kit (CDK) ✅ Serverless Framework (AWS) ✅ Terraform (AWS, Azure and GCP) ✅ Supported through Terraform Plan files (.json) and HCL templates (.tf) Scan via UI Select the type of rule settings you want to scan for: Default rule settings: upload and scan using rule settings from your organization. Profile rule settings: upload and scan using rule settings from a selected profile. Account rule settings: upload and scan using rule settings from a selected account. Scanning a CloudFormation template CloudFormation templates can be uploaded in either JSON or YAML format. You can also use the ! Condition in YAML templates. Scanning AWS Cloud Development Kit (CDK) Template scanner supports the evaluation of your CDK files by synthesizing a Cloudformation template out of the CDK code. Install the AWS CDK CLI In the directory with your CDK code, run cdk synth. This will output a YAML CloudFormation file (can also use --json if desired). Use Template Scanner UI or API endpoints to scan the CloudFormation file generated by cdk synth. Scanning Serverless Framework Template scanner supports the evaluation of your Serverless Framework applications by synthesizing a Cloudformation template out of the serverless code. In the directory with your serverless file, run serverless package to generate a JSON file in .serverless/cloudformation-template-update-stack.json. Use Template Scanner UI or API endpoints to scan the CloudFormation file generated by serverless package. Scanning Terraform Plans Terraform templates must be converted to a Terraform plan in JSON by following the steps below from your Command Line tool: In the same directory as .tf template, export your provider's access key, secret key, and export region (e.g. `export AWS_REGION=us-east-1`) Run the command terraform init Run the command terraform plan -out=your_file Run the command terraform show -json your_file > your_file.json. Your Terraform JSON plan is ready to be uploaded to the Template Scanner from the same folder as your .tf file. Click on Upload and scan to view scan results for your selected rule settings. You will get a message for missing parameters while scanning your template. Decide whether you want to Proceed or Cancel the scanning process. Note Resources with missing parameters will not be scanned and thereby result in partial scan results. Review Checks from scan results. Failed checks will display a Resolve button with a link to resolution steps. For more information on the anatomy of the rule, see Rules. Note Resolution steps provided with failed checks are for workflows via CLI or Console. You can also use these steps as a guide for resolution within CloudFormation. Scanning Terraform HCL templates Create a ZIP file containing your .tf files Click on the Template Scanner menu Click on the Terraform tab Browse your ZIP file Click Upload and scan Scan via API See API reference for how to use Template Scanner API in your automation or build pipelines. Additional examples can be found below: AWS Cloud Formation Example AWS CDK Example Terraform Plan Serverless-framework-aws example Terraform HCL Supported rules The following API endpoints can be used to retrieve a list of rules supported by Template Scanner: CloudFormation Template Terraform Please refer to this page for an overview of the supported resources. Why do I not see any scan results? You may receive an empty response or an error for any of the following reasons: Unsupported resource type or rules - Template Scanner only supports resource-level rules. Please refer to the APIs for a list of supported rules and resource types. We have plans to add support for more source types over time. If there is a specific resource type you need as a priority, please contact your account manager. Parameter(s) with no default value - CloudFormation templates with parameters that have no default values may fail to be processed. Unsupported AWS CloudFormation intrinsic functions - CloudFormation templates with unsupported intrinsic functions may not process or may not generate complete results. The following are the supported intrinsic functions in CloudFormation templates: Fn::Base64 Fn::And Fn::Equals Fn::If Fn::Not Fn::Or Fn::FindInMap Fn::GetAtt Fn::GetAZs Fn::Join Fn::Select Fn::Split Fn::Sub Ref You may want to temporarily replace these functions for static values so your template can be correctly scanned. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base