---
id: testing-cloudtrail-integration
title: Testing CloudTrail integration for XDR for Cloud
sidebar_label: Testing CloudTrail integration for XDR for Cloud
description: Testing CloudTrail integration for XDR for Cloud
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Testing CloudTrail integration for XDR for Cloud Test XDR for Cloud - AWS CloudTrail integration in your AWS cloud environment. Important XDR for Cloud currently only supports AWS cloud accounts. Support for additional cloud providers is coming soon. Enabling XDR for Cloud - AWS CloudTrail requires allocating credits. For information about estimating credit usage with XDR for Cloud, see Estimating and monitoring XDR for Cloud usage. XDR for Cloud - AWS CloudTrail integration allows Trend Vision One to access and monitor your AWS CloudTrail logs and automate response actions to detected threats. The following steps provide a guide on how to test the feature within your environment. Procedure Sign in to the AWS account you want to use to test XDR for Cloud - AWS CloudTrail. Configure your CloudTrail settings. For full steps, see CloudTrail configuration. Add your AWS account to Trend Vision One cloud accounts app. Follow the steps in Adding an AWS account using CloudFormation and enable the following features and permissions: Core Features XDR for Cloud - AWS CloudTrail Cloud Response for AWS Note If you want to test integration with Control Tower, see Adding an AWS account with CloudTrail and Control Tower. After your account successfully connects, use XDR Data Explorer to verify data is being sent. Use one of the following demo models to trigger a Workbench alert. Important Make sure to use an IAM user in AWS when using a demo model to enable testing the Revoke Access Permission response task. Demo: Model - AWS Bedrock Successful Guardrail Deletion Detected Demo: Model - AWS Bedrock Model Invocation Logs Successful Deletion Detected Demo: Model - AWS IAM Login MFA Deactivated for a User Demo: Model - AWS EC2 EBS Snapshot Shared Publicly or to an External Account Demo: Model - AWS IAM Administrator Access Policy Attached to a Role Test response capabilities with the Revoke Access Permission task. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base