---
id: threat-detection
title: Threat detection
sidebar_label: Threat detection
description: Threat detection
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Threat detection View information about the Threat detection risk factor, which is determined by threat detections on your managed assets. Trend Micro correlates known threat detections with asset owners to give you better insight into possible security risks. The Threat detection risk factor contributes to your attack level. When viewing risk events, click the number in the case column to view current cases involving the specified risk event. Click the options icon () to open a new case for the risk event or add the case to an existing risk event. Important For customers that have updated to the Foundation Services release, Threat Detections only shows data for devices within the asset visibility scope of the current user. The following table describes the risk indicators associated with the Threat detection risk factor. Indicator Description Data sources Target Web threats The web reputation score of the URLs the user visited or the detection of malicious activity within network traffic Trend Micro Apex One as a Service Trend Micro Mobile Security Trend Micro Web Security Zero Trust Secure Access - Internet and AI Service Access Device User Email threats Detection of malicious or anomalous email activity Trend Micro Cloud App Security Email Sensor User Network threats Detection of malicious activity in monitored endpoint traffic Trend Micro Deep Discovery Inspector Trend Vision One Network Sensor TippingPoint SMS Trend Micro Deep Security Trend Cloud One - Endpoint & Workload Security Device User Endpoint threats Detection of events on endpoints that may be malicious Trend Micro Apex One as a Service Email Sensor Trend Cloud One - Endpoint & Workload Security Device Mobile device threats Detection of possible malicious events on mobile devices Trend Micro Mobile Security Device Connected app activity Detection of possibly malicious events on Office 365 apps (Teams, SharePoint, OneDrive) Trend Micro Cloud App Security User Container threats Detection of events in container clusters that might be malicious Trend Vision One Container Security Container © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base