---
id: threats-using-pml
title: Detect emerging threats using Predictive Machine Learning
sidebar_label: Detect emerging threats using Predictive Machine Learning
description: Detect emerging threats using Predictive Machine Learning
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Detect emerging threats using Predictive Machine Learning Note Predictive Machine Learning is supported with version 11.0+ agents. For details on which platforms support this feature, see Supported features by platform. Use Predictive Machine Learning to detect unknown or low-prevalence malware. (For more information, see Predictive Machine Learning.) Predictive Machine Learning uses the Advanced Threat Scan Engine (ATSE) to extract file features and sends the report to the Predictive Machine Learning engine on the Trend Micro Smart Protection Network. As with all detected malware, Predictive Machine Learning logs an event when it detects malware. (See Events collection in Server & Workload Protection.) You can also create an exception for any false positives. (See Create anti-malware exceptions.) Enable Predictive Machine Learning Predictive Machine Learning is configured as part of a real-time scan configuration that is applied to a policy or individual computer. (See Configure malware scans.) After you configure the scan configuration, apply it to a policy or computer. Note Predictive Machine Learning protects only the files and directories that real-time scan is configured to scan. See Configure malware scan inclusions and Configure malware scan exclusions. These settings can only be applied to real-time scan configurations. Important For macOS agents, only the Quarantine action is supported. Procedure Go to Policies → Common Objects → Other → Malware Scan Configurations. Select the real-time scan configuration to configure and click Details. You can also create a new real-time scan configuration if desired. On the General tab, under Predictive Machine Learning, select Enable Predictive Machine Learning. Configure the settings for Detection level and Prevention level. Important Adjusting Detection and Prevention levels only supports agent version version 20.0.1.25770 and later. Unsupported versions use the default level of 2 - Moderate and cannot be changed. Higher levels provide greater sensitivity but might generate a large number of nonessential logs and impact endpoint performance. Trend Micro recommends selecting 2 - Moderate for more relevant data with minimal impact on your endpoints. The Prevention level must be the same or lower than Detection level. The Action to take selection might affect the prevention actions taken for the selected prevention level. For Action to take, choose the remediation action that you want Server & Workload Protection to take when it detects malware: Quarantine (recommended): Moves the infected file to the quarantine directory on the protected computer. The quarantined file can be viewed and restored in Events & Reports → Events → Anti-Malware Events → Identified Files. Pass: Server & Workload Protection records an Anti-Malware Event without taking action on the file. Delete: On Linux, the infected file is deleted without a backup. On Windows, the infected file is backed up and then deleted. Windows backup files can be viewed and restored in Events & Reports → Events → Anti-Malware Events → Identified Files. Click OK. Open the policy or computer editor to which you want to apply the scan configuration and go to Anti-Malware → General. Ensure that Anti-Malware State is On or Inherited (On). In the Real-Time Scan section, select the malware scan configuration. Click Save. Next steps © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base