---
id: tippingpoint-network-attack-sim
title: Running the TippingPoint network attack simulation
sidebar_label: Running the TippingPoint network attack simulation
description: Running the TippingPoint network attack simulation
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Running the TippingPoint network attack simulation Update the Digital Vaccine package on a TippingPoint Security Management System and run a simulated network attack in Trend Vision One. The TippingPoint network attack simulation requires a TippingPoint Security Management System (SMS) 6.2.0 or later connected to Trend Vision One and TippingPoint devices connected and protection enabled. Refer to the Environmental requirements instructions provided in the simulation description. For more details on connecting a TippingPoint SMS to Trend Vision One, see TippingPoint SMS connection guides. Procedure Update the Digital Vaccine package on the TippingPoint SMS. On the TippingPoint SMS web management console, go to Profiles → Digital Vaccines. Click Download from TMC. Select the latest Digital Vaccine package to download the package. Select the package from the inventory and click Activate. Your TippingPoint SMS has downloaded and activated the latest Digital Vaccine package. Start the simulation. On the Trend Vision One console, click the Resource Center icon (). Click Simulations. Click Network Attack. The Network Attack Simulations window appears. Click the right arrow () to select the TippingPoint simulation. Click Trigger Simulation Traffic. The TippingPoint SMS triggers ghost traffic. Wait 5-10 minutes and then view the results. In Workbench: On the Trend Vision One console, go to Agentic SIEM & XDR → Workbench. Click Data source / processor. Click Clear all to deselect all sources, then select TippingPoint Security Management System. Click outside of the Data source / processor menu to filter the results. In Observed Attack Techniques: On the Trend Vision One console, go to Agentic SIEM & XDR → Observed Attack Techniques. Click Data source / processor. Click Unselect all to deselect all sources, then select TippingPoint Security Management System in the Network section. Click Apply to filter the results. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base