---
id: tippingpoint-sms-connection-guides
title: TippingPoint SMS connection guides
sidebar_label: TippingPoint SMS connection guides
description: TippingPoint SMS connection guides
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ TippingPoint SMS connection guides Integrate your TippingPoint devices with Network Security to enhance your threat awareness and ability to automatically respond to incidents. Connect your TippingPoint Security Management System (SMS) deployments to Network Security to utilize the Intrusion Prevention Configuration features and start receiving vulnerability assessments and policy recommendations. The following table outlines the functionality available to you when integrating a TippingPoint SMS with Network Security. Function Description Suspicious Object Sync Synchronizes the centralized Trend Vision One Suspicious Objects List with the TippingPoint SMS, enabling you to block suspicious objects at the network layer within minutes of detection Important The Suspicious Object Sync function is only available on TippingPoint SMS 5.5.4 or later. Event and Filter Status Sharing Forwards detection events and intrusion prevention filter protection status information to Trend Vision One, enabling correlated detection and other advanced analytics Important The Event and Filter Status Sharing function is only available on TippingPoint SMS 5.5.4 or later. A Service Gateway is not required to enable the Event and Filter Status Sharing function on TippingPoint SMS 6.0.0 or later. Security Policy and Inventory Allows you to select filters and deploy policies directly to your TippingPoint SMS profiles from Trend Vision One Cloud Sandbox URL Analysis Automatically sends URLs detected by your TippingPoint SMS for analysis in a cloud sandbox Important The Cloud Sandbox URL Analysis function is only available on TippingPoint SMS 6.1.0 or later. Tip You can view analysis results in the Sandbox Analysis App. The following table outlines the options for connecting the various versions of TippingPoint SMS to Trend Vision One. TippingPoint SMS Version Connection Options 6.1.0 or later Directly over the internet or through an HTTP proxy Through a Service Gateway appliance Important To enable the Suspicious Object Sync function on TippingPoint SMS 6.1.0, you must connect the TippingPoint SMS to Trend Vision One through a Service Gateway. 5.5.4 or 6.1.0 Through a Service Gateway appliance 5.5.3 or earlier Migrate to a newer version of TippingPoint SMS and connect to Network Security Important Intrusion Prevention Configuration currently only supports policy enforcement on the first TippingPoint SMS connected to Trend Vision One. Support for policy enforcement on multiple TippingPoint SMS deployments is coming soon. Devices managed by additional TippingPoint SMS deployments connected to Trend Vision One are still listed in Network Inventory. Related information Connect TippingPoint SMS 6.1.0 or later to Network Security Connect TippingPoint SMS 6.1.0 or later to Network Security through a Service Gateway Connect TippingPoint SMS 5.5.4 or 6.0.0 through a Service Gateway Migrate a connected TippingPoint SMS to the latest version Migrate an existing TippingPoint SMS 5.5.3 or earlier and connecting to Network Security Service Gateway deployment for TippingPoint SMS © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base