---
id: tmws-features-migration
title: Trend Micro Web Security Features and Settings Migration
sidebar_label: Trend Micro Web Security Features and Settings Migration
description: Trend Micro Web Security Features and Settings Migration
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Trend Micro Web Security Features and Settings Migration Gain a better understanding of which settings migrate when you upgrade from Trend Micro Web Security to Zero Trust Secure Access Internet Access. The following tables detail how Trend Micro Web Security features and settings migrate when you upgrade to Internet Access. Features Feature Migratable Notes Dashboard No All relevant information and settings are found in the Zero Trust Secure Access app in Trend Vision One. Go to Zero Trust Secure Access → Secure Access Overview and click the Internet Access tab for an overview of the Internet Access service. Go to Zero Trust Secure Access → Secure Access Configuration → Internet Access Configuration to configure your Internet Access settings. Virtual gateway Yes (Partial) Internet Access Cloud Gateway does not support access rules with additional actions after blocking. On-premises gateway No You must deploy an Internet Access On-Premises Gateway. Logs No Activity logs are available via XDR Data Explorer in Trend Vision One. Go to Agentic SIEM & XDR → XDR Data Explorer and select Secure Access Activity Data in the Search Method dropdown menu. Important Your existing logs in Trend Micro Web Security are not migrated to Trend Vision One. Reports No Reports are available via the Reports app in Trend Vision One. Go to Dashboards and Reports → Reports. Important Your existing reports in Trend Micro Web Security are not migrated to Trend Vision One. Enforceable Agent No You must Deploy the Secure Access Module on endpoints to replace the Enforcement Agent. The Secure Access Module will auto disable the original Enforcement Agent, import the new HTTPS inspection certificate into endpoints. and apply the new PAC file. Settings Trend Micro Web Security Setting Migratable Notes Policies → Cloud Access Rules Yes (Partial) Rules that include a domain group, some unsupported applications, or Trend Micro Web Security on-premises gateways are not migrated. Go to Zero Trust Secure Access → Secure Access Rules and click the Internet Access Control tab to manage access rules. Go to Zero Trust Secure Access → Secure Access Resources and click the File Profiles tab to manage access to certain types of content on the internet. Policies → Approved/Blocked URLs Yes Go to Zero Trust Secure Access → Internet Access Configuration, click the Allow List/Deny List tab, and select URL Allow List or URL Deny List to manage the websites your users can access. Policies → Suspicious Objects No Internet Access leverages information from Suspicious Object Management. Policies → Security Templates → Threat Protection Yes Go to Zero Trust Secure Access → Secure Access Resources and click the File Profiles tab to manage access to certain types of content on the internet. Policies → Security Templates → Data Loss Prevention Yes Data loss prevention rules are automatically migrated when upgrading to Internet Access. Policies → HTTPS Inspection → Decryption Rules Yes (Partial) Rules that only apply to Trend Micro Web Security on-premises gateways are not migrated. Go to Zero Trust Secure Access → Secure Access Configuration → Internet Access Configuration and click the HTTPS Inspection tab to manage HTTPS inspection rules. Policies → HTTPS Inspection → Digital Certificates Yes Certificates are automatically migrated when upgrading to Internet Access. Policies → HTTPS Inspection → HTTPS Tunnels Yes (Partial) Internet Access does not currently support querying and moving domains that fail HTTPS inspection onto the tunnel list through the Trend Vision One console. Policies → Objects → Customized URL Categories Yes Customized URL categories are automatically migrated when upgrading to Internet Access. Policies → Objects → Cloud Service Filters Yes Cloud service filters are automatically migrated when upgrading to Internet Access. Policies → Objects → Cloud App Access Sets Yes Cloud app access sets are automatically migrated when upgrading to Internet Access. Policies → Objects → Target Domain Groups No Internet Access does not currently support configuring target domains. Policies → User Notifications No Go to Zero Trust Secure Access → Secure Access Configuration → Customization Settings and click one page to check the default or customize some settings. Policies → Global Settings → Global Settings No The default Internet Access settings are used. Policies → Global Settings → HTTPS Inspection Yes (Partial) Internet Access does not have a global setting for enabling HTTPS inspection, certificate management, and HTTPS tunneling. If HTTPS Inspection is disabled in Trend Micro Web Security, all HTTPS inspection rules are automatically disabled when upgrading to Internet Access. Go to Zero Trust Secure Access → Secure Access Configuration → Internet Access Configuration → , click the HTTPS Inspection tab, and click the settings icon () to manage certificates and enable bypass mode. Policies → Global Settings → Safe Search Engine Settings Yes Safe search settings are automatically migrated when upgrading to Internet Access. Administration → Service Deployment → Policy Backup & Restoration No Go to Zero Trust Secure Access → Secure Access Configuration → Internet Access and AI Service Access Configuration and click Global Settings, then select Configuration Backup and Restoration to add some backup rules. Administration → Service Deployment → Enforcement Agent No You must install the Secure Access Module on endpoints. Administration → Users & Authentication → Directory Services No Manage connected IAM systems in the Zero Trust Secure Access app. Go to Zero Trust Secure Access → Secure Access Configuration → Identity and Access Management. Administration → Users & Authentication → Hosted Users No Manage Trend Vision One accounts via the User Accounts app. Go to Administration → User Accounts to add the admin roles for the Trend Vision One sign-in. Go to Zero Trust Secure Access → Secure Access Configuration → Identity and Access Management and select Local User Account Management to add end users for the traffic access. Administration → Administrator Alerts → Account Setup Message No - Administration → Administrator Alerts → Administrator Alerts No Manage Trend Vision One notifications via the Notifications app. Go to Administration → Notifications. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base