---
id: toc-protection-email-security
title: Configuring time-of-click protection settings
sidebar_label: Configuring time-of-click protection settings
description: Configuring time-of-click protection settings
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Configuring time-of-click protection settings If you enable Time-of-Click Protection when creating a spam policy, Cloud Email Gateway Protection rewrites URLs in email messages for further analysis. Trend Micro analyzes those URLs at the time of click, and will block access to them or show a warning page (depending on your settings) if they are malicious. You can choose to use the default blocking and warning pages or customize the blocking and warning pages according to your preference. Procedure Go to Inbound Protection → Spam Filtering → Time-of-Click Protection. In the Actions section, do the following: Dangerous: Select an action (Allow, Warn or Block) to take on dangerous URLs. The default value is Block. Dangerous URLs are verified to be fraudulent or known sources of threats. Highly Suspicious: Select an action (Allow, Warn or Block) to take on highly suspicious URLs. The default value is Block. Highly suspicious URLs are suspected to be fraudulent or possible sources of threats. Suspicious: Select an action (Allow, Warn or Block) to take on suspicious URLs. The default value is Warn. Suspicious URLs are associated with spam or possibly compromised. Untested: Select an action (Allow, Warn or Block) to take on untested URLs. The default value is Warn. While Trend Micro actively tests URLs for safety, users may encounter untested pages when visiting new or less popular websites. Blocking access to untested pages can improve safety but can also prevent access to safe pages. In the Blocking and Warning Pages section, select whether to use the default blocking and warning pages or to customize your own ones. Use default redirect pages: The default blocking page or warning page will appear when a malicious URL in the email message is clicked. Customize redirect pages: Customize your own blocking page and warning page if you do not want to use the default ones. Type a title for Browser Tab Title. Click Select File to upload an image file from your local machine if you want to replace the default logo with your own company logo. The image file must be a PNG file that does not exceed 10 KB. The recommended image dimensions are 110 x 40 pixels. After the image file is successfully uploaded, you can preview the image in the Content area. Next to Content, click the icon next to the strings on the Dangerous tab and customize the strings. Repeat the customization settings on the Highly Suspicious, Suspicious, and Untested tabs in sequence. Note When customizing the strings, you can use the following HTML tags for formatting: <b>, <br>, <i>, <p>, <li>, <ol>, <ul>, <blockquote> Type the click-through link text. The click-through link text you customize apply to the warning pages for malicious URLs at each of the preceding risk levels. Note The click-through link appears on the warning page only. Click Save. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base