---
id: trend-vision-one-cases
title: Trend Vision One cases
sidebar_label: Trend Vision One cases
description: Trend Vision One cases
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Trend Vision One cases Open cases in Trend Vision One and manage your organization’s cases in Workflow and Automation → Case Management. Case Management displays Trend Vision One cases opened by your security operations center (SOC) team, information technology (IT) team, or risk manager. Trend Vision One cases are based on incidents, events, and alerts in Cyber Risk Exposure Management, Security Playbooks (using the Automated Response Playbook), Workbench, and Compliance Management. Case Management automatically closes Trend Vision One cases that are inactive for 60 days. The following table outlines the options available in Case Management: Action Description Filter case data Use these options to locate specific cases. Status: The current phase that the case is in To do () In progress () Closed () Findings: The findings of a case (only available for cases created in Workbench) True positive: The investigation confirmed the occurrence of threats or malicious activities. False positive: No malicious activity found. Benign true positive: The investigation confirmed the presence of a genuine threat that poses no risk to the organization. Benign true positives are the result of penetration tests or other legitimate activities in your environment. Noteworthy: Trend Vision One detected unusual activity that requires more investigation. -: The investigation has no findings. Priority: The priority that an owner assigned to the case. P0: Highest priority P1: Lower priority than P0, but higher priority than P2 and P3 P2: Lower priority than P0 and P1, but higher priority than P3 P3: Lowest priority Type: The kind of case Workbench Forensics Risk Event Compliance Management Others Owners: The Trend Vision One accounts assigned to the case. Created: How long ago the case was created All Last 24 hours Last 3 days Last 7 days Last 30 days Custom period Created by: The Trend Vision One user, playbook, or third-party app that created the case Closed by: The Trend Vision One user, playbook, or third-party app that closed the case. Last updated: When the case was last changed All Last 24 hours Last 3 days Last 7 days Last 30 days Custom period Click Add filter for additional options: Priority Created Last updated Type Created by Closed by Associated item Change the case status Select one or more cases and click Change Status to update the progress of the case. For cases created in Cyber Risk Exposure Management, the case is automatically changed to Closed when all associated risk events are remediated, accepted, or dismissed. If not all risk events have been resolved, you may change risk event status when manually closing the case. Change the case findings Select one or more cases and click Change Findings to update the findings of the case. Change the case priority Select one or more cases and click Change Priority to update the priority of the case. Attach files to a case Click a case name to open the case details and click Attach Files. Your organization can upload a maximum of one GB of attachment files across all cases in Case Management. Generate an investigation report Important This is a "Pre-release" feature and is not considered an official release. Please review the Pre-release disclaimer before using the feature. If you enabled generative AI in Trend Companion, click a case name and go to Trend Companion → Generate investigation report. Trend Companion generates a threat investigation and remediation report for the case, which you can preview, edit, and download by going to Dashboards and Reports → Reports. This action is only available for Workbench cases with true positive findings. Create a case summary Important This is a "Pre-release" feature and is not considered an official release. Please review the Pre-release disclaimer before using the feature. If you enabled generative AI in Trend Companion, click a case name and go to Trend Companion → Summarize case. Trend Companion summarizes all the notes created in the case since last time a summarized progress note was created. The summary appears as an entry under Activity. Summarized progress notes are helpful when transferring a case to a new owner. Assign owners Select one or more cases and click Assign Owners to assign accounts within your organization to the case. Assigning owners has the following limitations: For IdP-only SAML group users: You can only assign users who have signed in and are still cached in Trend Vision One. User Accounts cannot list all users under the IdP-only SAML group. IdP-only SAML groups and IdP-only SAML group users cannot get email notifications. Change impacted assets For cases created in Cyber Risk Exposure Management, you can select specific impacted assets and move the assets to a different case or remove the assets from the case. You can only move assets between cases involving the same risk event. Open a sub case Related cases are independent sub cases that give you the flexibility to divide a complex investigation into small sub cases. Related cases supply more information for the main case. Locate a case, click and select Open Related Case. The new case is automatically linked with the main case. Add a Forensics workspace to a sub case Select a Forensics case and click Create Forensics Workspace. The new Forensics workspace is automatically added to the related case as an associated item. The Forensics workspace includes all endpoints that are part of the impact scope of a Workbench alert/insight. Edit additional notifications For cases created in Cyber Risk Exposure Management, click for the Description to specify email addresses to receive notifications. Enable integration with ServiceNow Click → Integration Settings to integrate with ServiceNow. Integrating with ServiceNow lets you send Case Management tickets to ServiceNow ITSM for managing in the ServiceNow portal. Only supported for Workbench cases created from Automated Response Playbooks. Customize columns Click to choose which columns display in Case Management. Refresh data Click to retrieve the latest case information. Export cases to a CSV file Select the cases and click to create a report of the cases' data. Case Management saves the data to a comma-separated value (CSV) file. You can also view and download the file in the Reports app. Related information Create Case Management ticket profiles © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base