---
id: troubleshoot-assessment-visibility
title: Troubleshoot devices with no vulnerability assessment visibility
sidebar_label: Troubleshoot devices with no vulnerability assessment visibility
description: Troubleshoot devices with no vulnerability assessment visibility
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Troubleshoot devices with no vulnerability assessment visibility View troubleshooting information for devices that are unable to send vulnerability assessment information to Cyber Risk Exposure Management. The following table outlines the issues displayed on the Devices with No Assessment Visibility screen. Issue Details Operating system version no longer supported The operating system version is outdated and no longer supported. Such legacy systems are highly vulnerable to attack and often create dependencies that introduce more security risk. For more information about supported operating systems, see Vulnerability Assessment supported operating systems. Windows version not yet supported The version of Windows is not yet supported. For more information about supported operating systems, see Vulnerability Assessment supported operating systems. Linux version not yet supported This version of Linux is not yet supported. For more information about supported operating systems, see Vulnerability Assessment supported operating systems. Preview version of operating system installed The installed operating system is a preview release, which may not receive security updates from the developer. Preview releases sometimes include issues or weaknesses that cause errors and introduce security risk. For more information about supported operating systems, see Vulnerability Assessment supported operating systems. Agent not installed or endpoint not connected to network Verify the following: An agent or supported third-party vulnerability assessment tool is installed on the endpoint. The endpoint is connected to the network. Trend Cloud One agent outdated The Trend Cloud One agent is outdated and no longer supported. The minimum agent versions that support Vulnerability Assessment are the following: Windows agents: 20.0.0.5531 Linux agents: 20.0.0.5727 Go to the Trend Cloud One console to upgrade the agent. For more information, see the Trend Cloud One documentation. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base