---
id: unblock-cloud-app-url-access-task
title: Unblock AI Service, Cloud App, or URL Access task
sidebar_label: Unblock AI Service, Cloud App, or URL Access task
description: Unblock AI Service, Cloud App, or URL Access task
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Unblock AI Service, Cloud App, or URL Access task After resolving the risk issues on the user account, you can allow the user account to access cloud apps and websites using the Zero Trust Secure Access or Threat and Exposure Management app. Procedure Locate the user account using the Zero Trust Secure Access or Threat and Exposure Management app. Zero Trust Secure Access: Go to the User Information screen by clicking on a user anywhere within the Zero Trust Secure Access app. Threat and Exposure Management: Go to the User Profile screen. Click the options icon () and Unblock Cloud App/URL Access. The Unblock Cloud App/URL Access Task screen appears. (Optional) Specify a description for the task. Click Create. Trend Vision One creates the task and displays the current action status on the Secure Access History screen. Monitor the task status. Click View task status in the success message that pops up in the lower right corner. The Remediation Logs tab on the Secure Access History screen appears. You can also go directly to Secure Access History → Remediation Logs, and locate the task using the search field. View the task status under Action status. In progress... (): Trend Vision One sent the command to the enforcement point and is waiting for a response Successful (): The enforcement point successfully received and executed the command Unsuccessful (): An error or time-out occurred when attempting to send the command to the enforcement point Note The task status indicates whether the enforcement point was able to successfully receive and execute the command. It may take a few minutes for the process to complete. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base