---
id: uninstall-sep-agent
title: Uninstall the Standard Endpoint Protection Agent
sidebar_label: Uninstall the Standard Endpoint Protection Agent
description: Uninstall the Standard Endpoint Protection Agent
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Uninstall the Standard Endpoint Protection Agent Manually uninstall the agent from the endpoint or use the web console to automate the process. Uninstall the Windows Agent Locally If prompted, type the uninstallation password. Apex One notifies the user of the uninstallation progress and completion. Procedure On the Windows Start menu, click Programs → Trend Micro Apex One Security Agent > Uninstall Security Agent. Uninstall using the Control Panel. Click Control Panel → Uninstall a program. Locate Trend Micro Apex One Security Agent and click Uninstall. Follow the on-screen instructions. Note If you installed Data Protection on the agent, you must restart the endpoint to complete the uninstallation process. Uninstall the Windows Agent from the Endpoint Group Manager Console Procedure Go to Endpoint Security → Standard Endpoint Protection → Directories → Product Servers. Click the Windows Endpoint Group Manager the agents report to. In the Agent Management list, click the root domain icon to include all agents or select specific domains or agents. Click Tasks → Agent Uninstallation. On the Agent Uninstallation screen, click Initiate Uninstallation. The Security Agents receive the command after polling the server or during the next scheduled update. Uninstall the macOS Agent from the Endpoint Group Manager Console Procedure Go to Endpoint Security → Standard Endpoint Protection → Directories → Product Servers. Click the macOS Endpoint Group Manager the agents report to. Obtain the Trend Vision One Endpoint Security agent uninstallation package (tmsmuninstall.zip) by going to Agents → Agent Setup Files and click the link under Agent Uninstallation File. Copy and then launch the package on the endpoint. Fill in the Name and Password fields to begin the uninstallation process. Note Specify the name and password for an account with administrative rights on the endpoint. (For macOS 11.0 only) Click Continue to remove the system extensions. If the uninstallation was successful, click Close to finish the uninstallation process. After the uninstallation completes, unregister the agent from the server. On the web console, click Agent Management and select the agent that was uninstalled. Click Manage Agent Tree → Remove Group/Agent. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base