---
id: updating-legacy-azure-connection
title: Updating a legacy Azure connection
sidebar_label: Updating a legacy Azure connection
description: Updating a legacy Azure connection
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Updating a legacy Azure connection Update your Azure subscriptions imported from Cloud Security Posture and Server & Workload Protection. When updating certain Trend Micro products to Trend Vision One, the Cloud Accounts app automatically imports your monitored Azure subscriptions as legacy connections. Legacy connections include subscriptions added when updating the following products: Updating Trend Cloud One - Conformity to Trend Vision One Cloud Security Posture. Updating Trend Cloud One Endpoint & Workload Security to Trend Vision One Server & Workload Protection. To enable the advanced cloud security features of Trend Vision One, including Container Security and Agentless Vulnerability & Threat Detection features, you must update your legacy connections. Updating a legacy Azure subscription connection allows Trend Vision One to access your cloud service to provide security and visibility into your cloud assets. Some Cloud Account features have limited support for Azure regions. For more information, see Azure supported regions and limitations. Note The steps are valid for the Azure console as of March 2024. Procedure Sign in to the Trend Vision One console. In a new tab in the same browser session, sign in to the Azure subscription you want to connect and access the Azure Cloud Shell. In the Trend Vision One console, go to Cloud Security → Cloud Accounts → Azure. Click the name of the legacy connection subscription you want to update.The Subscription Settings screen opens to the Subscription Information tab. Verify the Subscription ID, Name, and Description or edit as needed. Configure the features and permissions as needed. For more information, see Azure features and permissions. In Azure Cloud Shell, access the command line interface. Access the subscription you want to update. Type the command az login and follow the instructions to finish the initial account sign-in. Create a new directory for the deployment folder and then access the folder. Copy the command or type mkdir[Subscription ID] && cd [Subscription ID]. Note The commands provided by Trend Vision One use your subscription ID as the directory name. While you can specify any directory name you want, you must ensure the folder has a unique name and that there are no other Terraform files in the deployment folder. Upload the resource creation script to your Azure Cloud Shell. To use a command to upload the template directly to Cloud Shell, select Curl Command. Copy and paste the Curl Command into Cloud Shell to retrieve the template package. The command is dynamically generated based on your account and region. To download the template first and upload from your local machine, select Manual. Click Download the Terraform Template to save the template to your local machine. Make sure your Cloud Shell environment is set to the same region you selected for the Terraform deployment before uploading the package. Extract the template using the command in the Subscription Settings screen.The zip file name contains a randomly-generated number. Copy the command to extract the file: unzip -o cloud-account-management-terraform-package-[randomly generated number].zip -d cloud-account-management-terraform-package. Access the deployment folder.Copy the command or type cd cloud-account-management-terraform-package. Run the deployment script.Copy the command or type ./deploy.sh. Azure Cloud Shell begins the Terraform process to deploy Trend Vision One security resources. In the Trend Vision One console, in the Connect Azure Subscription screen, click Done. Note If the Done button is not enabled, make sure you have copied the command line for each step on the screen. The update process might take a few moments to complete. You can refresh the Cloud Accounts screen to check the status of your updated legacy subscription. Once the update process is complete, you can safely remove any Trend Cloud One Endpoint & Workload Security and Trend Cloud One Conformity stack data from your cloud account. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base