---
id: update-cas
title: Connecting and updating Cloud App Security
sidebar_label: Connecting and updating Cloud App Security
description: Connecting and updating Cloud App Security
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Connecting and updating Cloud App Security Important Permanent Update: After starting the update, you cannot stop the process or revert back to the previous system state, and you will no longer be able to access your Cloud App Security console. Updating your product automatically transfers all license information and relevant product data to Trend Vision One. Automatic Credit Conversion and Allocation: The update will convert your Trend Micro Cloud App Security license to an equivalent value in Trend Vision One credits and allocate credits to the Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection app. You can view your credit balance and allocation from Credits & Billing in Trend Vision One. For more information, see License entitlements calculated into credits. For customers with a standard Cloud App Security license, extra credits will be automatically allocated to the Virtual Analyzer for URLs feature for you to continue using this advanced feature after the update. The allocated credits also entitle you to the Inline Protection feature in Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection. Feature Differences: A few features in Cloud App Security are currently not available or moved to a different location after the update. For more information, see Feature differences and limitations between Cloud App Security and Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection. Language Support Change: The Trend Vision One console currently supports only English and Japanese. You will no longer have access to the other languages after the update. Compliance Considerations: Check the Trend Vision One data privacy, security, and compliance disclosures to understand how the update affects your Trend Vision One system. Forced Sign Out During Update: After starting the update, your consoles become temporarily inaccessible and any active users are automatically signed out of the system. After the update is complete, you may need to update your user accounts in order to continue using the system. Post-Update Tasks: After the update is completed, we recommend that you verify that your product instances are properly configured and that your users have the correct access rights. For more information, see Post update tasks for Trend Vision One Email and Collaboration Security. Procedure Sign in to the Trend Vision One console. For existing customers, update your console to the Foundation Services Release if you have not already done so. Go to Service Management → Product Instance. Click Add Existing Product. The Product Connection screen opens. For Instance type, select Trend Micro Cloud App Security. Click Connect. After your Cloud App Security instance successfully connects, click the Update button next to the instance name. The Product Connection Settings screen appears with the Update Solution tab open. Review and accept the Trend Micro Agreement, Global Privacy Notice, and Data Collection Notice. Click I Agree to Update. Read and accept the System Update Notice. Click Start the Update to begin the update process. The process to update your solution to Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection might take some time depending on the size of your security environment. Once the process is complete, you can go to Email and Collaboration Security → Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection → Dashboard to verify the update has finished successfully. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base