---
id: upgrading-iws-ztsa
title: Upgrading from InterScan Web Security to Zero Trust Secure Access Internet Access and AI Service Access
sidebar_label: Upgrading from InterScan Web Security to Zero Trust Secure Access Internet Access and AI Service Access
description: Upgrading from InterScan Web Security to Zero Trust Secure Access Internet Access and AI Service Access
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Upgrading from InterScan Web Security to Zero Trust Secure Access Internet Access and AI Service Access Set up Internet Access and migrate your settings and access rules from InterScan Web Security, including InterScan Web Security Virtual Appliance and InterScan Web Security Suite. Upgrade from InterScan Web Security, including InterScan Web Security Virtual Appliance and InterScan Web Security Suite, to Zero Trust Secure Access Internet Access to fully integrate your secure web gateway solution with Trend Vision One. Internet Access helps you better enforce access controls and more effectively reduce risk. The upgrade process migrates your applicable policies, cloud gateways, and other settings from InterScan Web Security to Internet Access. Migrated rules have a higher priority than any existing rules in Internet Access. Note The migration is supported for InterScan Web Security products including InterScan Web Security Virtual Appliance and InterScan Web Security Suite. The migration does not modify your current InterScan Web Security deployment. Not all InterScan Web Security settings are directly migratable to Internet Access. For more information, see InterScan Web Security Features and Settings Migration. Important The following instructions only apply to customers with an active InterScan Web Security license. For the regular Internet Access setup process, see Setting up Zero Trust Secure Access Internet Access and AI Service Access Procedure Export your current InterScan Web Security settings. On the InterScan Web Security console, go to Administration → Config Backup/Restore. In the Backup Configuration File Now section, click Export. The console exports your system settings as a TAR-format archive. Integrate your IAM (Identity and Access Management) system with Zero Trust Secure Access Configure a secure internet gateway. If you want to use a cloud gateway with Internet Access, add your corporate locations to the Internet Access Cloud Gateway. If you want to use an on-premises gateway with Internet Access, deploy an Internet Access On-Premises Gateway. Migrate your settings from InterScan Web Security to Internet Access. On the Trend Vision One console, go to Zero Trust Secure Access → Secure Access Configuration → Internet Access and AI Service Access Configuration. Verify that the Internet Access Control toggle is off. Click Upgrade Web Gateway. The Migrate Settings from Existing Products panel opens. Click Migrate Settings. Select InterScan Web Security. Click Select File and select the TAR-format archive containing your InterScan Web Security settings. Note Uploading your settings to Trend Vision One might some time, depending on the size of the archive. Read the Trend Micro Agreement, Global Privacy Notice, and Data Collection Notice. Acknowledge that you have read the applicable legal notices by selecting the check box. Click Migrate to start the settings migration process.. The settings migration process begins. The process might take several minutes, depending on the amount of settings that need to be migrated. Verify that your Internet Access settings are correct. On the Internet Access and AI Service Access Configuration screen, enable the Internet Access Control toggle. Internet Access begins analyzing web activity in your organization and enforces secure access rules on your users. Related information InterScan Web Security Features and Settings Migration Identity and Access Management Integration Corporate Network Locations Post-Migration Checklist © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base