---
id: url-format-for-download-agent
title: URL format for download of the agent
sidebar_label: URL format for download of the agent
description: URL format for download of the agent
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ URL format for download of the agent The agent software package can be downloaded from Server & Workload Protection, using a well-defined URL format. In most cases, use of the standard deployment scripts (which, by the way, also use this same URL format described in this section to download the agent software) is the quickest way to get started and will meet the majority of your deployment requirements. Use of this URL format directly is useful if you require further customization for the download and install of agents. For example, in some cases it may be necessary to have the deployment scripts that run on each server point to a local storage location (for example, AWS S3) rather than have each server reach out to Server & Workload Protection to download software. You can use this URL format to build your own automation to periodically download new agent versions to your local storage location, and then point the agent deployment scripts that run on each server to your local storage location to meet this objective. Agent download URL format The URL format used to download the agent is: https://<dsm fqdn>/software/agent/<platform>/<arch>/<agent version>/<filename> All the parameters that comprise the URL format are described below. <dsm fqdn> parameter The <dsm fqdn> parameter is the fully-qualified domain name of Server & Workload Protection, which is app.deepsecurity.trendmicro.com. Server & Workload Protection can be used for testing any of the examples provided in this topic. <filename> parameter The <filename> parameter is the file name of the agent installer file. The file name is dependent on the installation process used by each platform: Platform <filename> Linux Red Hat Enterprise Linux, CentOS, Oracle, CloudLinux, Amazon Linux, SUSE agent.rpm Linux Debian, Ubuntu agent.deb Windows agent.msi AIX agent.bff.gz Solaris 11+ agent.p5p.gz Solaris 10 or earlier agent.pkg.gz macOS agent.pkg Note Server & Workload Protection does not validate the file name itself; however when a file name is specified, the extension must be one of .rpm, .msi, .deb, .gz. If any other file name is specified, the file name returned by Server & Workload Protection will always be one of the names provided in the table above. <agent version> parameter The <agent version> parameter is optional. When this parameter is not specified, the latest LTS agent released by Trend Micro for the target platform is returned. When this parameter is specified, this represents the agent version string. For example "12.0.0.123". Should I include the <agent version> explicitly in my scripts? If your intent is to only use a specific version of the agent in a controlled environment, then explicitly adding the agent version to the URL will accomplish this goal. When deploying agents at scale, it should be noted that adding the agent version in the URL (which hardcodes this agent version into every script you distribute) can create challenges for security operations teams that will be distributing scripts to many applications teams. Consider the process that will be needed when the time arrives to use a newer version of the agent. If the <agent version> is hardcoded in each script you distribute, this will require that each of these scripts requires an update to start using the new agent version. If you have many internal application teams, the process to request changes to each one of these scripts in use can be significant. Server & Workload Protection provides two options to deal with this challenge: Simply use scripts that omit the <agent version> component from the path. The latest LTS agent meets your requirements, this is the most straightforward option to use. Use agent version control. Agent version control provides the ability for the Server & Workload Protection administrator to select on a per-platform basis exactly what agent version is returned from Server & Workload Protection. More detail on agent version control and how to leverage this feature from your scripts can be found at Using agent version control to define which agent version is returned. <platform>, <arch>, and <filename> parameters The <platform>, <arch>, and <filename> parameters should be replaced with the strings listed in the table below. Note <platform> and <arch> are case-sensitive. Platform Distribution <platform> <arch> <filename> Example Linux Amazon 1 amzn1 x86_64 agent.rpm /software/agent/amzn1/x86_64/agent.rpm Amazon 2 amzn2 x86_64 agent.rpm /software/agent/amzn2/x86_64/agent.rpm CloudLinux 6 CloudLinux_6 x86_64 agent.rpm /software/agent/CloudLinux_6/x86_64/agent.rpm CloudLinux 7 CloudLinux_7 x86_64 agent.rpm /software/agent/CloudLinux_7/x86_64/agent.rpm CloudLinux 8 CloudLinux_8 x86_64 agent.rpm /software/agent/CloudLinux_8/x86_64/agent.rpm Debian 7 Debian_7 x86_64 agent.deb /software/agent/Debian_7/x86_64/agent.deb Debian 8 Debian_8 x86_64 agent.deb /software/agent/Debian_8/x86_64/agent.deb Debian 9 Debian_9 x86_64 agent.deb /software/agent/Debian_9/x86_64/agent.deb Oracle Linux 6 Oracle_OL6 x86_64 agent.rpm /software/agent/Oracle_OL6/x86_64/agent.rpm Oracle Linux 6 Oracle_OL6 i386 agent.rpm /software/agent/Oracle_OL6/i386/agent.rpm Oracle Linux 7 Oracle_OL7 x86_64 agent.rpm /software/agent/Oracle_OL7/x86_64/agent.rpm RedHat 6 RedHat_EL6 x86_64 agent.rpm /software/agent/RedHat_EL6/x86_64/agent.rpm RedHat 6 RedHat_EL6 i386 agent.rpm /software/agent/RedHat_EL6/i386/agent.rpm RedHat 7 RedHat_EL7 x86_64 agent.rpm /software/agent/RedHat_EL7/x86_64/agent.rpm RedHat 8 RedHat_EL8 x86_64 agent.rpm /software/agent/RedHat_EL8/x86_64/agent.rpm SuSE 11 SuSE_11 x86_64 agent.rpm /software/agent/SuSE_11/x86_64/agent.rpm SuSE 11 SuSE_11 i386 agent.rpm /software/agent/SuSE_11/i386/agent.rpm SuSE 12 SuSE_12 x86_64 agent.rpm /software/agent/SuSE_12/x86_64/agent.rpm SuSE 15 SuSE_15 x86_64 agent.rpm /software/agent/SuSE_15/x86_64/agent.rpm Ubuntu 16.04 Ubuntu_16.04 x86_64 agent.deb /software/agent/Ubuntu_16.04/x86_64/agent.deb Ubuntu 18.04 Ubuntu_18.04 x86_64 agent.deb /software/agent/Ubuntu_18.04/x86_64/agent.deb Windows Windows x86_64 agent.msi /software/agent/Windows/x86_64/agent.msi Windows i386 agent.msi /software/agent/Windows/i386/agent.msi Unix Solaris 10 Updates 4-6 Solaris_5.10_U5 x86_64 agent.pkg.gz /software/agent/Solaris_5.10_U5/x86_64/agent.pkg.gz Solaris_5.10_U5 sparc agent.pkg.gz /software/agent/Solaris_5.10_U5/sparc/agent.pkg.gz Solaris 10 Updates 7-11 Solaris_5.10_U7 x86_64 agent.pkg.gz /software/agent/Solaris_5.10_U7/x86_64/agent.pkg.gz Solaris_5.10_U7 sparc agent.pkg.gz /software/agent/Solaris_5.10_U7/sparc/agent.pkg.gz Solaris 11 Updates 1-3 Solaris_5.11 x86_64 agent.p5p.gz /software/agent/Solaris_5.11/x86_64/agent.p5p.gz Solaris_5.11 sparc agent.p5p.gz /software/agent/Solaris_5.11/sparc/agent.p5p.gz Solaris 11 Update 4 Solaris_5.11_U4 x86_64 agent.p5p.gz /software/agent/Solaris_5.11_U4/x86_64/agent.p5p.gz Solaris_5.11_U4 sparc agent.p5p.gz /software/agent/Solaris_5.11_U4/sparc/agent.p5p.gz AIX 5.3 (Agent version 9.0) AIX_5.3 powerpc agent.bff.gz /software/agent/AIX_5.3/powerpc/agent.bff.gz AIX 6.1 (Agent version 9.0) AIX_6.1 powerpc agent.bff.gz /software/agent/AIX_6.1/powerpc/agent.bff.gz AIX 7.1, 7.2 (Agent version 9.0) AIX_7.1 powerpc agent.bff.gz /software/agent/AIX_7.1/powerpc/agent.bff.gz AIX 6.1, 7.1, 7.2 (Agent version 12 +) AIX powerpc agent.bff.gz /software/agent/AIX/powerpc/agent.bff.gz macOS 10.15 macOS universal agent.pkg /software/agent/macOS/universal/agent.pkg 11 macOS universal agent.pkg /software/agent/macOS/universal/agent.pkg 12 macOS universal agent.pkg /software/agent/macOS/universal/agent.pkg Agent download URL examples Without <agent version>: https://app.deepsecurity.trendmicro.com/software/agent/RedHat_EL7/x86_64/agent.rpm https://app.deepsecurity.trendmicro.com/software/agent/Windows/x86_64/agent.msi With <agent version>: https://app.deepsecurity.trendmicro.com/software/agent/RedHat_EL7/x86_64/12.0.0.481/agent.rpm https://app.deepsecurity.trendmicro.com/software/agent/Windows/x86_64/12.0.0.481/agent.msi Exceptions for backwards compatibility If no <filename> is provided after [...]/<platform>/<arch>/, Server & Workload Protection will return the agent download for that platform as described in the previous table. If the path ends at [...]<platform>/<arch> (because both <agent version> and <filename> were not specified), Server & Workload Protection will return the agent download for that platform as described in the table above. Examples: https://app.deepsecurity.trendmicro.com/software/agent/RedHat_EL7/x86_64/ https://app.deepsecurity.trendmicro.com/software/agent/Windows/x86_64 Using agent version control to define which agent version is returned The agent version control feature provides the ability to control what agents are returned when any URL request is made to Server & Workload Protection to download the agent. To enable agent version control, send the following HTTP header with your URL request: Agent-Version-Control: on It should be noted that there are specific query parameters that are also required on each platform to use agent version control. They are: Platform Required query parameters Example Windows tenantID,windowsVersion,windowsProductType /software/agent/Windows/x86_64/agent.msi?tenantID=123&windowsVersion=10.0.17134&windowsProductType=3 Linux tenantID /software/agent/RedHat_EL7/x86_64/agent.rpm?tenantID=123 Solaris tenantID /software/agent/Solaris_5.11_U4/x86_64/agent.p5p.gz?tenantID=123 AIX tenantID, aixVersion, aixRelease /software/agent/AIX/powerpc/agent.bff.gz?tenantID=123&aixVersion=7&aixRelease=1 macOS tenantID.macOsVersion /software/agent/macOS/universal/agent.pkg?tenantID=123&macOS=10.15.1.20G71& Note The parameters in the table above are automatically generated by the deployment scripts. Agent version control examples For examples, refer to the sample deployment script generated from Server & Workload Protection. By default the deployment scripts generated by Server & Workload Protection use agent version control and demonstrate how to acquire these parameters for each platform. Interactions between the <agent version> parameter and agent version control Given the intent of the agent version control feature is to provide the Server & Workload Protection administrator control over which agent version is returned, there is a natural conflict with a URL request that also includes the <agent version> parameter. For this reason you should not specify the <agent version> as part of your request when sending the Agent-Version-Control: on HTTP header. If we see both the Agent-Version-Control: on HTTP header and the <agent version> parameter in the request, the version of the agent returned will be determined by the value taken from the agent version control configuration. (We will ignore the <agent version> in the URL.) © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base