---
id: users-only-receive-reports
title: Add contacts - users who can only receive reports
sidebar_label: Add contacts - users who can only receive reports
description: Add contacts - users who can only receive reports
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Add contacts - users who can only receive reports Contacts are users who cannot sign in to the Trend Micro Cloud One console but can periodically be sent reports from Server & Workload Protection (using scheduled tasks). Contacts can be assigned a "clearance" level that maps to existing roles. When a contact is sent a report, the report will contain only information that would be accessible to a user of the same level. For example, three contacts may be listed as the recipients of a weekly summary report, but the contents of the three reports could be entirely different for each contact depending on their computer rights. Note Most users are managed through Trend Micro Cloud One User Management, which applies to all parts of Trend Micro Cloud One, but contacts are managed specifically through Server & Workload Protection. Add or edit a contact Procedure From the Server & Workload Protection console, go to Administration → User Management → Contacts. Click New to add a new contact or double-click an existing contact to edit its settings. In the General Information section, specify the name, description, and preferred language of the contact. In the Contact Information section, enter the email address to which reports will be sent if this contact is included in a report distribution list. In the Clearance section, specify the role that determines the information this contact will be allowed to see. For example, if a computer report has been scheduled to be sent to this contact, only information on the computers that his role permits him access to will be included in the report. In the Password Protected Reports section, select Reports generated by this user are password protected to password-protect exported PDF reports with the Report Password. Next steps Tip Single reports or recurring Scheduled Reports can be configured in the Events and Reports → Generate Reports pane of the Server & Workload Protection console. Delete a contact To remove a contact from Server & Workload Protection, in the Server & Workload Protection console, click Administration → User Management → Contacts, click the contact, and then click Delete. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base