---
id: user-details-for-apex
title: User Details
sidebar_label: User Details
description: User Details
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 User Details The User/Endpoint Directory screen displays User information for a specified time range. Use the drop-down controls below the Endpoints or Users tab to specify the time period for the data that displays or to switch between Tabular view and Timeline view. Click Export to export the data as a *.csv file or *.png image. Note Tabular view only supports exporting data as a *.csv file. Timeline view can export data as a *.csv file or a *.png image. The exported *.png timeline image only displays information for a maximum of 30 users or endpoints. The following table describes the User information that displays on the User/Endpoint Directory screen in Tabular view. User Details in Tabular View Column Description If the endpoint or user is assigned an important tag, Trend Micro Apex Central displays a yellow star icon () to indicate importance. For more information, see User or Endpoint Importance. User Trend Micro Apex Central identifies and associates users with endpoints based on the type of endpoint or through integration with Active Directory. Server and desktop platforms: Trend Micro Apex Central associates the last logged on user with the endpoint Click a user name to view contact details. For more information, see Contact Information. Note The Users → All node lists all local users from various endpoints regardless of their duplicate status. Duplicate users having the same names can occur. Trend Micro Apex Central consolidates all endpoints from managed products that have multiple local users. Domain If Active Directory synchronization is available, this Trend Micro Apex Central displays the domain name that the user is a member of. If Active Directory synchronization is not available, this Trend Micro Apex Central displays the endpoint/host name that the user was the last person to log on to. Manager If Active Directory synchronization is available, Trend Micro Apex Central displays the manager of the user Click a name in the manager column to view the manager's contact details. For more information, see Contact Information. Endpoints The number of endpoints currently associated with the user, based on the last log on information from the endpoints Click the count to view the related endpoint information in the table. For more information, see Endpoint Details. Policies The number of policies currently associated with the user, based on the last log on information from the endpoints Click the Policies count to view the related policy information for the user. For more information, see Policy Status. Threats The total number of security threats that occurred on endpoints associated with the user Click the Threats count to view the related threat information for the user. For more information, see Security Threats for Users. For example, if Henry was the last user logged on to endpoint us-mkt-dev1, and that endpoint reported 10 virus/malware detections and 2 web violations, Henry's Threats count displays as 12. The following table describes the User information that displays on the User/Endpoint Directory screen in Timeline view. User Details in Timeline View Column Description User Trend Micro Apex Central identifies and associates users with endpoints based on the type of endpoint or through integration with Active Directory. Note If the user is assigned an important tag, Trend Micro Apex Central displays a yellow star icon () in front of the user name. For more information, see User or Endpoint Importance. Domain The Active Directory domain that the user belongs to Threats The total number of security threats that occurred on endpoints associated with the user Click the Threats count to view the related threat information for the user. For more information, see Security Threats for Users. <Timeline> The timeline indicates when the security threats occurred for each user. Hover over a red warning dot () to view the number of critical threats and the total number of all security threat detections for a user on a specific date. Hover over a solid red dot () to view the number of non-critical threat detections for a user on a specific date. Click a red dot to view the related threat information for a specific date. For more information, see Security Threats for Users. Related information Security Threats for Users © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base