---
id: user-or-endpoint-importance
title: User or Endpoint Importance
sidebar_label: User or Endpoint Importance
description: User or Endpoint Importance
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 User or Endpoint Importance Assigning importance to groups of users and endpoints allows you to quickly monitor and respond to threats against these targets from the Dashboard screen. Trend Micro Apex Central provides several widgets that highlight threat events for important users and endpoints. You may want to apply stricter policies to important users or endpoints and constantly monitor their protection status. You must first assign custom tags, or create custom filters, to identify the important users or endpoints. After identifying the important users or endpoints on your network, you can assign the important tag to provide greater visibility on the Dashboard. For more information see Custom Tags and Filters. Note Manually assign importance to users/endpoints grouped using custom tags and filters. Any Trend Micro Apex Central user account that has permission to create or modify custom tags, filters, or important labels in the User/Endpoint Directory can view or modify custom tags, filters, or important labels created by all other user accounts. Editing a tag, filter, or importance label on the User/Endpoint Directory screen also modifies the corresponding tag, filter, or importance label used by log queries and reports. For example, if the an endpoint is removed from a custom filter on the User/Endpoint Directory screen, then log queries and generated reports that use the filter will exclude data from the removed endpoint. Trend Micro Apex Central automatically assigns importance to Domain Admins (users) and Domain Controllers (endpoints) after Active Directory synchronization. The current version of Trend Micro Apex Central only supports one important Domain Admin and one important Domain Controller for each integrated Active Directory domain. Individual user accounts can no longer assign separate important tags for the same Domain Admins and Domain Controllers. If you have preexisting important tags for Domain Admins and Domain Controllers created by separate user accounts on a previous version of Trend Micro Apex Central, the preexisting Domain Admins and Domain Controllers will be deleted and replaced with one important Domain Admin and one important Domain Controller for each integrated Active Directory domain. Procedure Go to Directories → Users/Endpoints. Expand the Importance node under Users or Endpoints in the tree. Click Important and click the edit icon (). On the screen that displays: Assign importance by selecting one or several custom tags or custom filters, and then click Save. Remove importance by clearing one or several custom tags or custom filters, and then click Save. The table in the main screen is updated with the list of endpoints or users that match the custom tags or custom filters. For details about the table columns and the data they contain, see User Details. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base