---
id: user-defined-playbooks
title: User-defined playbooks
sidebar_label: User-defined playbooks
description: User-defined playbooks
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 User-defined playbooks Learn about creating user-defined playbooks to improve your company's response to possible security risks. Create user-defined playbooks from scratch to meet the specific security needs of your company, such as assessing and mitigating account configuration risks and automatically responding to Workbench alerts. Depending on the type of playbook, user-defined playbooks can be executed manually or periodically, or provide automated responses when enabled. User-defined playbooks consist of various node types that allow you to trigger execution, define the target of the playbook, handle conditions, and carry out actions. The following table describes the user-defined playbooks on the Playbooks tab. Column Description Trigger The way the playbook is triggered Manual (): manually executed by clicking the icon Scheduled or manual (): scheduled to execute at a set time each day, week, or month, or manually executed by clicking the icon Automatic or manual (executed from Workbench) (): automatically or manually triggered from Workbench when an alert is triggered on highly suspicious or suspicious objects Note This trigger setting is only applicable to Automated Response Playbooks. Manual (executed from Workbench) (): manually triggered from Workbench when an alert is triggered on highly suspicious or suspicious objects Note This trigger setting is only applicable to Automated Response Playbooks. Playbook The name of the playbook Type The type of the playbook Options are as follows: Account risks Risk events Vulnerability General XDR detection Last modified The date and time the playbook was last modified Created by The user that created the playbook Scope Asset visibility of the user who created the playbook The playbook only applies to targets within the asset visibility of the creator's role. If the creator's user role is deleted, the playbook becomes deactivated until another user reactivates it by editing or enabling the playbook. Upon reactivation, the playbook applies to targets within the asset visibility scope of the user who reactivated it. For more information on asset visibility scope, see What is Asset Visibility Management? Execution count The number of times the playbook was executed Clicking the number takes you to the Execution Results of the playbook. Duration The average of the playbook execution duration Status The status of the playbook Options are as follows: Enabled Disabled Deactivated Action The action that could be taken on the playbook You can currently create seven types of user-defined playbooks: Security Awareness Training Campaign Playbooks Risk Event Response Playbooks Account Response Playbooks Automated High-Risk Account Response Playbooks CVEs with Global Exploit Activity Playbooks Automated Response Playbooks Endpoint Response Playbooks Important The availability of certain user-defined playbook types depends on your license entitlement for the associated Trend Vision One features and the required data sources. For more information, see Security playbooks requirements. Related information Create Security Awareness Training Campaign playbooks Create Automated High-Risk Account Response playbooks Create Account Response playbooks Create Risk Event Response playbooks Create CVEs with Global Exploit Activity playbooks Create Workbench Insight Progression Update playbooks Create Automated Response Playbooks Create Endpoint Response playbooks © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base