---
id: user-and-endpoint-directory-apex
title: User/Endpoint Directory
sidebar_label: User/Endpoint Directory
description: User/Endpoint Directory
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ User/Endpoint Directory The User/Endpoint Directory screen displays information about all the users and endpoints within the Trend Micro Apex Central network for a specified time range. Use the drop-down controls below the Endpoints or Users tab to specify the time period for the data that displays or to switch between Tabular view and Timeline view. Click Export to export the data as a *.csv file or *.png image. Note Tabular view only supports exporting data as a *.csv file. Timeline view can export data as a *.csv file or a *.png image. The exported *.png timeline image only displays information for a maximum of 30 users or endpoints. The User/Endpoint tree organizes data into the following categories: Users: Contains information about any user that logs on an endpoint or that is part of the integrated Active Directory structure For more information, see User Details. Endpoints: Contains information about any endpoint with a Trend Micro Security Agent installed and is reporting to Trend Micro Apex Central For more information, see Endpoint Details. Active Directory: Displays the organizational units of the integrated Active Directory server Note Trend Micro Apex Central supports synchronization with multiple Active Directory forests. Adding an Active Directory domain automatically synchronizes all domains from the same forest. For more information about forest trusts, contact your Active Directory administrator. You can change the default data that displays in the Users and Endpoints nodes through use of advanced searches, tags, and filters. For more information, see Using the Advanced Search and Custom Tags and Filters. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base