---
id: users-tab
title: Users Tab
sidebar_label: Users Tab
description: Users Tab
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Users Tab View information about users and manage users on the Users tab. Note This tab is not available when you integrate with an MDM through managed configuration. You can view the following information on the Users tab. For integration with Microsoft Endpoint Manager (Intune), VMware Workspace ONE UEM, or Microsoft Entra ID Column Description User The user's name Enrollment status The status of users that received an enrollment invitation or installed Mobile Security for Business on their devices PendingMobile Security is waiting for the user to enroll. EnrolledThe user has enrolled at least one device. Note The status does not change even after you have unenrolled all mobile devices of the user. No responseThe user did not enroll any device within seven days of receiving the invitation. After seven days, Mobile Security moves the user from Pending to No response. Note The enrollment invitation does not expire, and the user can still enroll devices using the invitation. Email address The user's email address Group The group to which the user belongs For MDM integration, this is a group created in the MDM. For Microsoft Entra ID integration, this is an Entra ID group. Department The user's department Job title The user's job title Region The region where the user is located Device count The total number of enrolled devices owned by the user Note For integration with Microsoft Entra ID, except for the enrollment status and device count, the displayed user attributes are synchronized from Microsoft Entra ID. For integration with Google Workspace Column Description User The user's name Enrollment status The status of users that received an enrollment invitation or installed Mobile Security for Business on their devices PendingMobile Security is waiting for the user to enroll. EnrolledThe user has enrolled at least one device. Note The status does not change even after you have unenrolled all mobile devices of the user. No responseThe user did not enroll any device within seven days of receiving the invitation. After seven days, Mobile Security moves the user from Pending to No response. Note The enrollment invitation does not expire, and the user can still enroll devices using the invitation. Email address The user's email address Organizational unit The organizational unit to which the user belongs Device count The total number of enrolled devices owned by the user You can perform the following actions on the Users tab. Action Description Filter user data Use the following drop-down lists and the search box to locate specific user data: Enrollment status User Resend enrollment invitations Note This action is available only when you integrate with Microsoft Entra ID. Select one or more users from the list and click Resend Invitation. If a user's enrollment status is No response, resending an invitation changes that user's enrollment status to Pending. Remove users Select one or more users from the list and click Remove User. Removing a user unenrolls all the devices that belong to the user. Note This action is only available when using Microsoft Entra ID integration. Group users cannot be removed. Show the devices owned by a user In the Device count column, click the number to see a list of enrolled devices filtered by User:. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base