---
id: using-add-for-outlook
title: Using the add-in for Outlook
sidebar_label: Using the add-in for Outlook
description: Using the add-in for Outlook
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Using the add-in for Outlook The following describes how to use the add-in in Outlook mailboxes. You can provide the instruction to your end users. Procedure In the Outlook client, go to Home and locate Cloud App Security Add-in on the app ribbon. Make sure you select an email before navigating to the add-in menu. To manage emails that were sent to you but quarantined by Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection, go to step 2. To report emails which are suspicious or which should not be a risk, go to step 3. Manage the emails quarantined by Cloud Email and Collaboration Protection. Click Manage Quarantine. On the page that appears, click Log On and specify the current Outlook email account you are using. You can only manage the quarantined emails for the current email account logged on to Outlook. After you log on, a list of quarantined emails appear. Manage the quarantined emails. Action Description Delete Remove an email from the quarantine list Deleted emails cannot be recovered. More Actions > Restore Release an email from quarantine The email is restored back to the original mailbox folder. You can find the location next to Restore to in quarantined email details. More Actions > Add to Trusted Sender List Add the sender of a quarantined email to a trust list Emails from a trusted sender bypass spam-related checking, but still go through the checks for other threats. More Actions > Report False Positive Report to Trend Micro that this email is not a threat and should not be quarantined This action does not restore the email, but sends a copy of this email to Trend Micro for further analysis. Note If an action is not available, contact your administrator for the required permission. Click the filter icon to view the messages quarantined, deleted, or restored to their original locations. Click the settings icon to add users to or remove users from the Trusted Sender List. When adding trusted senders, the asterisk (*) wildcard is supported in the local part (the section before the @ symbol) of the email address. Report emails as spam, phishing, or not a risk. In your Outlook client, select an email that you want to report. In the Cloud App Security Add-in on the app ribbon, click Report Email and select an option. If you are not logged on to the add-in, click Log On and specify the current Outlook email account you are using. On the dialog box displayed, click Report to report the email to Trend Micro. Note Reporting the email as phishing also sends a copy of this email to Trend Micro. This action does not move or delete the email. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base