---
id: using-quicklaunch-add-aws-account
title: Using QuickLaunch to add an AWS account
sidebar_label: Using QuickLaunch to add an AWS account
description: Using QuickLaunch to add an AWS account
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Using QuickLaunch to add an AWS account Use QuickLaunch to connect your AWS account to the Cloud Accounts app. Important Connecting an AWS account using QuickLaunch is a pre-release feature and is not part of the existing features of an official commercial or general release. Please review the Pre-release disclaimer before using the feature. This feature is not available in all regions. This feature can only be used with an AWS account which you have used to purchase Trend Vision One credits from the AWS Marketplace. For all other accounts, see Adding an AWS account using CloudFormation. The steps for AWS QuickLaunch and the AWS CloudFlare console are valid as of November 2023. If you have purchased a Trend Vision One credits subscription through the AWS Marketplace, you can connect your AWS account to Cloud Accounts using the QuickLaunch feature in AWS. Connecting an account using this method automatically enables the Cloud Accounts Core Features. After you successfully connect your AWS account, you can perform a stack update to enable additional features and settings. Procedure On the AWS Marketplace, search for Trend Micro. Locate Trend Vision One and click the name. You can also access the product directly at https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace/pp/prodview-u2in6sa3igl7c. Click View purchase options. Click Click here to set up your account. The Configure and launch screen appears. Perform the following steps under Step 1: Make sure you have required AWS permissions. If the Enable AWS Marketplace deployment parameters integration message appears, click Enable integration. Click the certain IAM permissions link to view the required permissions and verify that your IAM settings are configured. Under Step 2: Log into an existing or new vendor account, click Log in or create an account. Note Starting the QuickLaunch process generates parameters to enable the connection with the Cloud Accounts app. The parameters expire if you do not launch the template under Step 3 within 24 hours. If the parameters have expired, you can refresh. The Trend Vision One console sign in appears in a new tab. Sign in to the Trend Vision One console. If you have not already activated your credits license, the Activate your Trend Micro Solutions screen appears after signing in. Review the license details and click Activate. Once you have signed in and have access to the Trend Vision One console, go back to the AWS QuickLaunch screen. Under Step 3: Configure your software and AWS integration, click Launch template on the AWS CloudFormation tab. Select the region to deploy the template. If the deployment parameters do not exist in the selected region, click Replicate parameters. Click Launch template. The AWS management console opens in a new tab and displays the Quick Create Stack screen. In the AWS management console, complete the steps in the Quick Create Stack screen. If you want to use a name other than the default, specify a new Stack name. Leave all other settings as the provided default. Important Do not change any settings in the Parameters section. CloudFormation automatically provides the settings for the parameters. Changing parameters might cause stack creation to fail. In the Capabilities section, select the following acknowledgments: I acknowledge that AWS CloudFormation might create IAM resources with custom names. Click Create Stack. The Stack details screen for the new stack appears with the Events tab displayed. Creation might take a few minutes. Click Refresh to check the progress. After stack creation completes, go back to the AWS QuickLaunch screen. Under Step 4: Launch your software, click Launch software. The Trend Vision One console opens. In the Trend Vision One console, go to Cloud Security → Cloud Accounts → AWS.Your AWS account is automatically added to Cloud Accounts. Allow some time to synchronize if the account does not appear immediately. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base