---
id: v1-features-free-trials
title: Trend Vision One solutions and features with free trials
sidebar_label: Trend Vision One solutions and features with free trials
description: Trend Vision One solutions and features with free trials
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Trend Vision One solutions and features with free trials Start a free trial of select Trend Vision One features to experience the benefits before committing to allocating credits or using pay-as-you-go. Refer to the following list of Trend Vision One features offering trials, and follow the relevant instructions to start your free trial: Trial Duration Activation instructions Agentic SIEM - Third-party log collection 60 days Go to Data Source and Log Management → Data sources and retention → Third-party log repositories. Click Start free trial. Confirm the details of the trial and click Activate. Once the trial starts, click Get started. Note Your data usage for Agentic SIEM - Third-party log collection does not count towards your credit allocations or pay-as-you-go billing until the trial ends. However, analytic and archival retention of Trend Vision One data is not within the trial scope and requires credits. Within 10 days of the trial's expiration date, you can go to the Credit settings drawer and click Extend your trial by 30 days. You can only extend the trial once. To stop using this feature after the trial ends, click the disable auto-allocation link in the Credit settings drawer, and click Turn off automatic allocation. Important If you disable automatic allocation, after the trial ends, any log collectors or log repositories you created are removed, and your data is only retained for the free retention period. To prevent this disruption of service, return to the Credit settings drawer and click Enable automatic allocation. Cyber Risk Exposure Management 30 days Go to any Cyber Risk Exposure Management app and click Start Free Trial. In the confirmation window, click Start Free Trial. Go to the Credits & Pay-As-You-Go Settings drawer and use the toggles to enable credit auto-allocation for assessed desktops and servers and for cloud accounts. Click Submit. To stop using Cyber Risk Exposure Management after the trial ends, return to the drawer and disable credit allocation for assessed desktops and servers or cloud accounts. Important If you disable credit allocation for Cyber Risk Exposure Management, after the trial ends, your desktops, servers, and cloud accounts are no longer assessed. To prevent this disruption of service, enable credit allocation for both features. Virtual Network Sensor 30 days Go to Network Inventory → Virtual Network Sensor. Click Deploy Virtual Network Sensor. In the window that appears, enable or disable auto-allocation and click Get Started. Click Start Trial Now. To stop using this feature after the trial ends, you can go to the Credit Usage drawer, use the toggle to disable credit auto-allocation, and click Save. Important If you disable automatic allocation, after the trial ends, your Virtual Network Sensors no longer send detection data to Trend Vision One. To prevent this disruption of service, enable the Auto-allocate credits when trial period ends setting. For more information on allocating credits to Virtual Network Sensor, see Credit allocation for Network Security. XDR for Cloud 60 days Go to Cloud Accounts → Credit settings. Select Start your free trial of XDR for Cloud. Click Get started. Note The Credit settings usage graph displays your trial period data usage for XDR for Cloud, but this usage does not count towards your credit allocations or pay-as-you-go billing until the trial ends. Within 10 days of the trial's expiration date, you can return to the Credit settings drawer and click Extend your trial by 30 days. You can only extend the trial once. At any time, click Skip the trial and allocate credits to start using XDR for Cloud as a paid feature. For more information on allocating credits to XDR for Cloud, see Estimating and monitoring XDR for Cloud usage Zero Trust Secure Access 60 days Go to Zero Trust Secure Access → Secure Access Overview. Go to the Credit settings drawer to begin the free trial. Choose either Automatically allocate credits after the trial ends or Decide later. Important If you choose Decide later, after the trial ends, you must allocate credits to regain access to Zero Trust Secure Access features. To prevent this disruption of service, enable automatic credit allocation. Click Apply. For more information, see Zero Trust Secure Access credit settings. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base