---
id: verifying-data-after-migration
title: Verifying data after migration
sidebar_label: Verifying data after migration
description: Verifying data after migration
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Verifying data after migration To ensure your organization achieves effective email security protection, Cloud Email Gateway Protection recommends you perform the following tasks after data migration: Procedure Verify migrated policy data under Inbound Protection and Outbound Protection. Go to the following locations respectively: Virus Scan Spam Filtering Correlated Intelligence → Correlated Intelligence Policy Content Filtering → Content Policy Data Loss Prevention → Data Loss Prevention (DLP) Policy Note After migration, policy rules are categorized into the following types: virus scan, spam filtering, Correlated Intelligence, content filtering, and DLP. Select Error or Warning from the Migration status drop-down list. Follow the on-screen instructions in the Migration Status column to fix error settings or confirm warning settings and enable the corresponding policies. Reorder policy rules. You can manually reorder the policy rules in each domain after migration if they do not meet your requirements. For details, see Reordering policy rules. Verify other migrated data. Go to Inbound Protection → Connection Filtering → IP Reputation → Settings to verify email reputation settings. Go to the following locations respectively to verify approved and blocked IP addresses: Inbound Protection → Connection Filtering → IP Reputation → Approved IP Addresses Inbound Protection → Connection Filtering → IP Reputation → Blocked IP Addresses Go to Inbound Protection → Domain-based Authentication → DomainKeys Identified Mail (DKIM) Verification to verify the Global DKIM Enforcement rule. Go to Inbound Protection → Domain-based Authentication → Domain-based Message Authentication, Reporting and Conformance (DMARC) to verify DMARC settings. Go to Inbound Protection → Spam Filtering → Time-of-Click Protection to verify time-of-click protection settings. Go to Outbound Protection → Domain-based Authentication → DomainKeys Identified Mail (DKIM) Signing to verify DKIM signature settings. Go to Administration → Policy Objects to verify policy object settings. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base