---
id: virtual-network-sensor-cli-commands
title: Virtual Network Sensor CLI commands
sidebar_label: Virtual Network Sensor CLI commands
description: Virtual Network Sensor CLI commands
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Virtual Network Sensor CLI commands A list of available CLI commands for managing the Virtual Network Sensor. Connect to VMware ESXi (either directly or through SSH) or VMware vCenter, and open the Virtual Network Sensor. To sign on with the default admin account, type admin for the user name and password. To view a list of tasks you can perform and enable administrative commands, run the enable command. Enabling administrative commands changes the command prompt from > to #. To view basic information of the Virtual Network Sensor, such as network settings and service status, run the show command. For a list of available commands, type show ?. The following tables list out the basic and administrative commands you can use to manage the Virtual Network Sensor. Important Make sure you disable the Scroll Lock key on your keyboard when using HyperTerminal. Arguments with angle brackets (< >) are required. Arguments with square brackets ([ ]) are optional. Basic Commands Command Syntax Description enable enable Enable administrative commands For details, see Administrative Commands. exit exit Exit the CLI help help Display the CLI syntax show show ? Show a list of available commands show hostname Show host name information show interface <interface> Show network interface information <interface>: Name of NIC interface (for example, eth0) show network management Show network configuration Note If the network is configured incorrectly, you can use the configure network primary ipv4.static command to reconfigure the settings. show ntp Show NTP information show proxy Show proxy information show sshd Show SSH status (enabled or disabled) show system Show the Company ID and disk information Note If the head of the command line is #, execute the exit command first. If no Company ID is shown, contact your support provider to obtain a registration token. show thirdpartylicense Show 3rd-party license information show time Show time and date information show traffic Show real time data traffic show vision-one Show the Trend Vision One server address and last time data was sent show endpoint-info-enricher Show the configuration of the endpoint information enricher, which looks up hostnames and tracks sessions to supplement endpoint information Run the enable command to enable and perform administrative commands. Administrative Commands Command Syntax Description configure configure hostname <hostname> Configure the host name <hostname>: Host name or FQDN configure network primary ipv4.static <ip> <submask> <gateway> <dns1> [dns2] Configure static IPv4 network settings for the primary network interface <ip>: IPv4 address of the network interface <submask>: Submask of IPv4 <gateway>: Gateway router address <dns1>: Primary DNS server address [dns2]: Secondary DNS server address (optional) configure network primary ipv4.dhcp Configure IPv4 network settings to DHCP configure ntp <ntp_addr> Configure the NTP server <ntp_addr>: FQDN or IPv4 address of the NTP server configure password Configure the administrator account password configure proxy delete Delete proxy settings Important Proxy settings are now configured in Network Inventory. For more information, see Configure Virtual Network Sensor connections. configure proxy set http <addr> Configure the proxy server for the Virtual Network Sensor <addr>: Proxy server address <ADDRESS>:<PORT>: Proxy server IP address and port <USER>:<PASSWORD>@<ADDRESS>:<PORT>: Account credentials with the proxy server IP address and port Important Proxy settings are now configured in Network Inventory. For more information, see Configure Virtual Network Sensor connections. configure ssh enable Enable the SSH server configure ssh disable Disable the SSH server configure time <HH:MI:SS> [YYYY-MM-DD] Configure the time and date for the Virtual Network Sensor <HH:MI:SS>: Time in hour, minute, and second format [YYYY-MM-DD]: (Optional) Date in year, month, and day format configure verify dns Verify DNS server configuration [domain]: Domain used to verify DNS server (default: www.trendmicro.com) configure interface <interface_name> Enter the interface configuration mode to set up a network interface of the Virtual Network Sensor <interface_name>: Name of the network interface (for example, eth0) For details about the available commands in the interface configuration mode, see Interface Configuration Mode Commands. configure endpoint-info-enricher hostname-lookup <1/0> Enable or disable hostname lookup, which adds the endpoint hostname that is missing from traffic data. Use 1 to enable or 0 to disable. configure endpoint-info-enricher hostname-lookup dns <1/0> Enable or disable hostname lookup via DNS. Use 1 to enable or 0 to disable. configure endpoint-info-enricher hostname-lookup netbios <1/0> Enable or disable hostname lookup via NetBIOS. Use 1 to enable or 0 to disable. configure endpoint-info-enricher session-tracking <1/0> Enable or disable session tracking, which tracks all packets in a session over certain protocols to reconstruct the full session for analysis. Use 1 to enable or 0 to disable. configure endpoint-info-enricher session-tracking dhcp <1/0> Enable or disable DHCP session tracking. Use 1 to enable or 0 to disable. configure endpoint-info-enricher session-tracking dhcpv6 <1/0> Enable or disable DHCPv6 session tracking. Use 1 to enable or 0 to disable. configure endpoint-info-enricher session-tracking kerberos <1/0> Enable or disable Kerberos session tracking. Use 1 to enable or 0 to disable. configure endpoint-info-enricher session-tracking radius <1/0> Enable or disable RADIUS session tracking. Use 1 to enable or 0 to disable. connect connect Test connection to Trend Vision One exit exit Exit administrative commands help help Display the CLI syntax log log coredump export Generate a URL to download kernel core dump logs log export [date_list] Collect Virtual Network Sensor debugging data for troubleshooting [date_list]: The log for a specific date list log list-level Display the log level of each component log reset-level Reset all log levels log set-level <level> <indexes> Set specific components to specific log levels <level>: Target level (debug, info, warn, error, fatal, disable) <indexes>: Target indexes (found in list-level) ping ping <address> Check the connection to a specific address Note Execute ping trendmicro.com to check the external network connection. If the ping fails, check the IP settings and firewall settings. reboot reboot Restart Virtual Network Sensor immediately register register [registration_token] Register Virtual Network Sensor to Trend Vision One Note You can execute the register <registration_token> command if your Company ID is empty initially, or the register command if your Company ID is displayed. shutdown shutdown Shut down Virtual Network Sensor immediately switch-connection-method switch-connection-method [connection_token] Restore Virtual Network Sensor connection with Trend Vision One [connection_token]: The connection token generated in the Trend Vision One console. For more details, see Restore an unhealthy Virtual Network Sensor connection. Important Only use the command to restore a disconnected or unhealthy status. The command fails to execute if the Virtual Network Sensor is able to connect to Trend Vision One. troubleshoot troubleshoot Enable troubleshooting mode See the Troubleshoot Mode Commands table for a list of available commands. Run the enable command and then the configure interface command to enter and perform network interface configuration commands. Network Interface Configuration Mode Commands Command Syntax Description ip-encap ip-encap enable <IPv4_address> Enable Encapsulated Remote Mirroring on a network interface and assign an IPv4 address to the network interface <IPv4_address>: IPv4 address to be assigned to the network interface Encapsulated Remote Mirroring allows Virtual Network Sensor to receive network traffic through a supported network interface. Note Encapsulated Remote Mirroring is supported on data ports only. ip-encap disable Disable Encapsulated Remote Mirroring on the network interface mtu mtu <int> Configure the Maximum Transmission Unit (MTU) for a network interface <int>: A positive integer greater than 0 Run the enable command and then the troubleshoot command to enter and perform troubleshooting commands. Troubleshoot Mode Commands Command Syntax Description network-services network-services Access the diagnostics page for network services See the Network Services Commands table for a list of available commands. network-traffic network-traffic Enable network traffic dump feature See the Network Traffic Dump Commands table for a list of available commands. iptuples iptuples Lists truncated IP tuple information on the AWS environment An IP tuple or 5-tuple consists of five fields in the packet; information such as the source IP address, source port, destination IP address, destination port, and transport protocol. Network Services Commands Command Syntax Description list list Display a list of services with related information test test <service> Perform a test for the specified network service <service>: The index number of the service you wish to test. Use the list command to retrieve the index number. For example type test 1 to test the service indexed as 1 on the list. To test all listed services, type test all. Network Traffic Dump Commands Command Syntax Description capture capture <interface_name> Start capturing network traffic from the specified interface <interface_name>: The name of the network interface you want to capture traffic from. Can use the following inputs: eth0: Interface Port 0 eth1: Interface Port 1 any: Capture from all data ports export export Regenerate a URL to export packet capture archive clean clean Delete all recorded packet capture files © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base