---
id: virtual-network-sensor-connections
title: Configure Virtual Network Sensor connections
sidebar_label: Configure Virtual Network Sensor connections
description: Configure Virtual Network Sensor connections
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Configure Virtual Network Sensor connections Manage how the Virtual Network Sensor connects to Trend Vision One. Important Network Inventory only supports managing connection settings for Virtual Network Sensor version 1.0.1393 or later. Connecting using a Service Gateway as a proxy requires a Service Gateway with the Forward Proxy Service configured and enabled. For more information, see Manage services in Service Gateway. You can manage and change the method your Virtual Network Sensors use to connect to Trend Vision One in the Network Inventory app. Procedure In the Trend Vision One console, go to Network Security → Network Inventory → Virtual Network Sensor. Select one or more Virtual Network Sensors to configure. Click Configure Connection Settings. The Sensor Connection Settings screen appears. Select the Connection method. Direct connection: the Virtual Network Sensor connects to Trend Vision One directly. Make sure the Virtual Network Sensor is able to connect to the internet when using this configuration. Connect using a custom proxy: the Virtual Network Sensor connects to Trend Vision One through a third-party proxy. After choosing this method, configure the following fields: Proxy address: Specify the IP address of the proxy. Proxy port: Specify the connecting port of the proxy. Proxy server requires authentication: (Optional) Select if the proxy requires authentication credentials. User name: Specify the user name for the proxy credentials. Password: Specify the password for the proxy credentials. Connect using a Service Gateway as proxy: the Virtual Network Sensor connects to Trend Vision One through a Service Gateway. Select a Service Gateway to use for this method. Important The Virtual Network Sensor must be able to connect to a Service Gateway with the Forward Proxy Service configured and enabled. For more information, see Manage services in Service Gateway. Click Test Connection. Important Test Connection only tests if the Virtual Network Sensor can connect using the current settings. The test does not validate the new connection settings. After the test completes, click Apply to update the Virtual Network Sensors with a status of Successful. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base