---
id: virtual-network-sensor
title: Virtual Network Sensor
sidebar_label: Virtual Network Sensor
description: Virtual Network Sensor
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Virtual Network Sensor Check the Virtual Network Sensor status, deploy the Virtual Network Sensor, and configure settings in Network Inventory. The Virtual Network Sensors inventory on the Network Inventory screen provides an overview of connected Virtual Network Sensors within your environment. Virtual Network Sensor feeds Trend Vision One with network activity data, which enables you to play back detailed network activity. You can also discover unmanaged and unknown assets, allowing for a more holistic view of your attack surface. Action Description Deploy the Virtual Network Sensor Click Deploy Virtual Network Sensor to configure and deploy a Virtual Network Sensor. Virtual Network Sensor supports the following deployments: Hosted virtual machine: Hyper-V KVM VMware ESXi VMware vCenter Nutanix AHV Cloud environments: AWS Azure Google Cloud View setup guide Click Setup Guide to view instructions about how to deploy and configure a Virtual Network Sensor. View sensor details View detailed information about the appliance including sensor version and status Click the sensor identifier to view the Sensor Details screen. Update sensor Hover over the out-of-date icon () next to the sensor version and click Update now to manually update to the latest version You can view update settings in the Sensor Details screen. Important Manually updating always updates to the latest version. Network Inventory only maintains update support for Virtual Network Sensor versions released within the last six months. Versions older than six months might require redeployment to use the latest version. Manage connection settings Important Network Inventory only supports managing connection settings for Virtual Network Sensor version TBD or later. Manage how your Virtual Network Sensors connect to Trend Vision One Select one or more Virtual Network Sensors and click Configure Connection Settings to change the connection method. For more information, see Configure Virtual Network Sensor connections. Manage sandbox settings Enable or disable Send to sandbox to control if a Virtual Network Sensor sends files to a cloud-based virtual sandbox for analysis Turn on send to sandbox to enable the Virtual Network Sensor to submit suspicious files and other objects to a virtual sandbox for analysis. You can view the results in the Sandbox Analysis app. You can select multiple Virtual Network Sensors to configure more than one at a time. Important Send to sandbox is a paid feature and requires allocating credits to enable. Send to sandbox supports Virtual Network Sensor version 1.0.1235 or later. Remove a Virtual Network Sensor Click to disconnect a Virtual Network Sensor from Network Security. Manage network resources Click Network Resources to view, import, and export lists of your important network assets such as trusted domains and trusted service sources. Check credit usage Hover over Credit Usage to view details such as credit requirements and credits allocated to Network Inventory. View bandwidth usage View the current allocated and total bandwidth usage, and click Bandwidth usage to view bandwidth usage for all network appliances, as well as the allocated and available bandwidth for your Trend Micro license. Related information Sensor Details Configure Virtual Network Sensor connections Virtual Network Sensor system requirements Resize the Virtual Network Sensor Ports and URLs used by Virtual Network Sensor Virtual Network Sensor CLI commands © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base