---
id: vmware-vcenter-network-settings
title: VMware vCenter network settings
sidebar_label: VMware vCenter network settings
description: VMware vCenter network settings
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ VMware vCenter network settings After successfully deploying your Virtual Network Sensor, decide which network configurations to use based on your requirements. Important Throughput is calculated as the sum of all data ports. If your deployment requires multiple data ports, add the additional data ports after powering off the deployed Virtual Network Sensor. If your throughput is less than 2 Gbps, your ERSPAN data port configuration can use a vSphere Distributed Switch, a vSphere Standard Switch, or a PCI passthrough. If your throughput is equal to or greater than 2 Gbps, using a PCI passthrough is recommended. Your data port must be able to connect to the internet. To determine which deployment scenario is best for your network security needs, see Map your deployment with VMware vCenter. Throughput Recommended Network Settings Throughput of monitored traffic is less than 2 Gbps For information about monitoring internal network traffic, see: Configure internal network traffic with the VMware vSphere Distributed Switch (promiscuous mode) Configure internal network traffic with the VMware vSphere Standard Switch (promiscuous mode) Configure internal network traffic with the VMware vSphere Distributed Switch (SPAN) For information about monitoring external inter-VM traffic, see: Configure external inter-VM traffic with the VMware vSphere Distributed Switch (RSPAN) Configure external inter-VM traffic with ERSPAN For information about monitoring external network traffic from other external sources, see: Configure external network traffic with the VMware vSphere Distributed Switch (RSPAN) Configure external network traffic with the VMware vSphere Distributed Switch (SPAN) Configure external network traffic with the VMware vSphere Standard Switch (promiscuous mode/RSPAN) Throughput of monitored traffic is equal to or more than 2 Gbps Configure external network traffic with PCI passthrough (SPAN/RSPAN) © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base