---
id: vsphere-dist-switch-promiscuous
title: Configure internal network traffic with the VMware vSphere Distributed Switch (promiscuous mode)
sidebar_label: Configure internal network traffic with the VMware vSphere Distributed Switch (promiscuous mode)
description: Configure internal network traffic with the VMware vSphere Distributed Switch (promiscuous mode)
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Configure internal network traffic with the VMware vSphere Distributed Switch (promiscuous mode) Configure internal network traffic with the VMware vSphere Distributed Switch using promiscuous mode to allow Virtual Network Sensor to monitor data. Important The following instructions are valid as of July 2023. Procedure Turn off your Virtual Network Sensor. On the VMware vCenter console, click the tab. Right-click the name of your switch, and then select Distributed Port Group and New Distributed Port Group. On the Name and location screen, specify the port group name and location and click NEXT. On the Configure settings screen, view the default settings and click NEXT. On the Ready to complete screen, review the settings and click FINISH. Click the name of your switch. Click the Networks tab, right-click your port group name, and select Edit Settings.... Click Security, select Accept for promiscuous mode, and click OK. Click the tab and click the name of your virtual machine. Click . On the Edit Settings screen, click Network adapter 2 and select Browse.... Click the name of your port group and click OK. Click OK. Turn on your Virtual Network Sensor. After configuring your network settings, access the Virtual Network Sensor console and use the command show traffic to verify the Virtual Network Sensor is receiving traffic. For more information about troubleshooting, see Virtual Network Sensor FAQ and Virtual Network Sensor CLI commands. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base