---
id: web-reputation-trend-micro-toolbar
title: Trend Micro Toolbar
sidebar_label: Trend Micro Toolbar
description: Trend Micro Toolbar
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ Trend Micro Toolbar Important The Trend Micro Toolbar extension for Windows is only supported on specific Windows platforms using the Chrome browser. See Supported features by platform for details. For general help configuring the macOS agent, see Configure Mobile Device Management on Server & Workload Protection for the macOS agent. After you enable the Trend Micro Toolbar, when you use your web browser to visit a dangerous, highly suspicious, or suspicious website, you see a blocking page in the main window of your web browser and a pop-up message in the notification area. In addition, attempts to access a URL rated as dangerous, highly suspicious, or suspicious are logged in Server & Workload Protection's Web Reputation Events tab. Note that on macOS, the dialog may not always appear, depending on how the System Preferences for notifications are configured. When the Trend Micro Toolbar is included in your browser extensions, a small Trend Micro logo appear in your browser: In Chrome and Firefox, the logo appears to the right of the website address field. In Safari, the logo appears to the left of the website address field. The Trend Micro Toolbar for Windows is downloaded automatically when the Web Reputation module is enabled and will be installed the next time the web browser is restarted. To enable the toolbar for macOS, download the extension for your browser using one of the following: Google Chrome Extension Mozilla Firefox Extension You can configure the Trend Micro Toolbar from macOS Mobile Device Management. For details, see Configure browser plugin extension. On macOS computers running the macOS agent, your web browser (Chrome, Firefox, or Safari) display the Agent Update: Action Required dialog. From the dialog, click Enable Extension. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base