---
id: web-server-distribute
title: Use a web server to distribute software updates
sidebar_label: Use a web server to distribute software updates
description: Use a web server to distribute software updates
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Use a web server to distribute software updates Agent software updates are normally hosted and distributed by relays. However, if you already have a web server, you can provide software updates via the web server instead of a relay. To do this, you must mirror the software repository of the relay on your web server. Note Although agents can download their software updates from the web server, at least one relay is still required to distribute component package updates such as anti-malware and IPS signatures (see Apply component updates). Web server requirements Disk Space: 20 GB Ports: Web server port, relay port Copy the folder structure Mirror the folder structure of the software repository folder on a relay-enabled agent. Methods vary by platform and network. For example, you could use rsync over SSH for a Linux computer and network that allows SSH. On Windows, the default location for the relay-enabled agent's software repository folder is: C:\ProgramData\Trend Micro\Deep Security Agent\relay\www\dsa\ On Linux, the default location for the Relay's software repository folder is: /var/opt/ds_agent/relay/www/dsa/ The structure of the folder is like this: |-- dsa | |-- <Platform>.<Architecture> | |-- <Filename> | |-- <Filename> | |-- ... | | |-- <Platform>.<Architecture> | |-- <Filename> | |-- <Filename> | |-- ... For example: |-- dsa | |-- CentOS_<version>.x86_64 | |-- Feature-AM-CentOS_<version>.x86_64.dsp | |-- Feature-DPI-CentOS_<version>.x86_64.dsp | |-- Feature-FW-CentOS_<version>.x86_64.dsp | |-- Feature-IM-CentOS_<version>.x86_64.dsp | |-- ... | | |-- RedHat_EL6.x86_64 | |-- Agent-Core-RedHat_<version>.x86_64.rpm | |-- Feature-AM-RedHat_<version>.x86_64.dsp | |-- Feature-DPI-RedHat_<version>.x86_64.dsp | |-- Feature-FW-RedHat_<version>.x86_64.dsp | |-- ... | |-- Plugin-Filter_2_6_32_131_0_15_el6_x86_64-RedHat_<version>.x86_64.dsp | |-- Plugin-Filter_2_6_32_131_12_1_el6_x86_64-RedHat_<version>.x86_64.dsp | |-- ... | | |-- Windows.x86_64 | |-- Agent-Core-Windows-<version>.x86_64.msi | |-- Agent-Core-Windows-<version>.x86_64.msi | |-- Feature-AM-Windows-<version>.x86_64.dsp | |-- Feature-AM-Windows-<version>.x86_64.dsp | |-- Feature-DPI-Windows-<version>.x86_64.dsp | |-- Feature-DPI-Windows-<version>.x86_64.dsp | |-- ... | |-- Plugin-Filter-Windows-<version>.x86_64.dsp | |-- Plugin-Filter-Windows-<version>.x86_64.dsp | |-- ... The example above shows only a few files and folders. Inside a complete dsa folder, there are more. If you need to save disk space or bandwidth, you don't need to mirror all of them. You're only required to mirror the files that apply to your computers' platforms. Configure agents to use the new software repository When the mirror on the web server is complete, configure agents to get their software updates from your web server. Procedure In the Server & Workload Protection console, go to Administration → System Settings → Updates. In the Software Updates section, under Alternate software update distribution server(s) to replace Deep Security Relays, enter the URL(s) of the mirror folder(s) on your web server(s). Click Save. Note Verify that connectivity between agents and your web server is reliable. If the connection is blocked, agents will instead use the relay. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base