---
id: what-is-zero-trust-secure-access
title: What is Zero Trust Secure Access?
sidebar_label: What is Zero Trust Secure Access?
description: What is Zero Trust Secure Access?
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 What is Zero Trust Secure Access? Ensure that only authenticated users and devices can access your corporate applications and internet sites based on granular rule-based security policies. Zero Trust Secure Access protects your organization from unauthorized access to internal and external applications, and allows you to take immediate or automated action against possible access violations or risky user behaviors. Zero Trust Secure Access provides multiple access control services to provide the optimal protection against unwanted access. Service Description End-User Components Risk Control Takes action on user accounts or devices that exhibit risky or malicious behaviors Through integration with your IAM, Risk Control can identify users and devices that may pose a threat to the integrity of your organization and allows you to take manual or automated mitigation actions (for example, disable a user account that was leaked to the dark web or isolate a device from the network after discovering known vulnerabilities). None required Tip To further enhance the risk identification of your users and devices, deploy additional solutions and configure additional data sources using Threat and Exposure Management. Private Access The zero trust network access (ZTNA) solution that controls access to internal applications, data centers, and IaaS environments After identifying your organization's internal applications and resources through use of Private Access Connectors, you can create specific rules to manage user access based on device usage, time of day, or location. Secure Access Module: Installed on end-user devices and integrated with your IAM solution, the module transfers connection attempts to configured Private Access Connectors that enforce Private Access Control rules. User Portal: For external users that require access to internal resources, the User Portal allows your end users to sign into your integrated IAM and view a list of all internal resources permitted by your Private Access Control rules. Internet Access The secure web gateway (SWG) solution that secures access to external websites Internet access rules allow you to restrict access to external websites and applications through use of an Internet Access gateway. End-user traffic is evaluated against your access rules and blocked based on user account, device, security violations, or location. Secure Access Module: Installed on end-user devices and integrated with your IAM solution, the module transfers connection attempts to the Internet Access Gateway that enforces Internet Access Control rules. Traffic forwarding: Proxy-based solutions (PAC files, proxy chaining, port forwarding) forward your end-user traffic to the Internet Access Gateway that enforces Internet Access Control rules. AI Service Access Advanced AI content inspection and access control capabilities that ensure secure use of public and private generative AI services and resources AI service access rules allow you to prevent prompt injection, malicious large language model attacks, and data leakage through advanced content inspection and content filtering. End user prompts and AI responses are evaluated and monitored or blocked based on data filtering rules, content violations, or potential malicious content. Important Current supported public generative AI services include: ChatGPT Gemini Microsoft Copilot Microsoft Copilot for Microsoft 365 Amazon Bedrock Secure Access Module: Installed on end-user devices and integrated with your IAM solution, the module transfers connection attempts to the Internet Access gateway, where content from generative AI services is inspected and evaluated. Traffic forwarding: Proxy-based solutions (PAC files, proxy chaining, port forwarding) forward your end-user traffic to the Internet Access gateway that enforces AI service access rules. . © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base