---
id: what-is-file-security
title: What is File Security?
sidebar_label: What is File Security?
description: What is File Security?
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

/*<![CDATA[*/ $('#title').html($('meta[name=map-description]').attr('content')); /*]]>*/ What is File Security? Trend Vision One™ - File Security introduction Trend Vision One - File Security is a scanning app for files and cloud storage. It can detect all types of malicious software (malware) including trojans, ransomware, spyware, and more. Based on fragments of previously seen malware, File Security can detect obfuscated or polymorphic variants of malware. File Security can assess any file type or size for malware and display real-time results. With the latest file reputation and variant protection technologies backed by leading threat research, File Security automates malware scanning. It can also scan objects across your environment in any application, whether on-premises or in the cloud. Native scanning means you maintain data sovereignty while ensuring that files uploaded to your environment stay in your environment. File Security: Provides flexible deployment using Amazon Webs Services (AWS) CloudFormation templates, software development kits (SDK), command line interface (CLI), service gateways or Kubernetes clusters. Automates file scanning that is triggered whenever someone uploads new files or changes existing files in their cloud storage. Can be added to your CI/CD pipeline to detect malware before files are distributed to production pipeline or storage. Can be used behind your firewall in either on-premises or cloud environments. Gives you flexibility by enabling workflow integration. Supports event-driven architectures. The SDK and Virtual Appliance applies machine learning to increase malware detection with expanded capabilities designed to detect novel threats. File Security comprises these features: File Security Storage File Security Storage provides anti-malware scanning on files in cloud storage services such as Amazon Web Services (AWS). You can integrate automated scanning of files as you upload them into your storage and effortlessly detect all types of malware including viruses, trojans, spyware, and more. Keep your cloud storage safe by connecting File Security to your cloud storage provider. File Security SDK Expose malware in any file by creating a custom program using one of the software development kits (SDKs) or directly through the command-line interface (CLI). Both SDK and CLI methods can send scan results to File Security where you can visually monitor scan progress plus malware prevalence and types. The scanner service of the File Security SDK is managed and hosted in a secure Trend cloud environment. The File Security SDK sends only the critical part of the file to the scanner services managed by Trend. File Security Virtual Appliance You deploy the scanner and SDK using a service gateway in your choice of on-premises or cloud environment. No file content leaves your network boundary. In addition to maintaining the flexibility of using the File Security SDK to scan files locally, the connector component inside the FS Virtual Appliance can also be used to scan storage systems like NFS servers without programming. File Security Containerized Scanner The File Security Containerized Scanner acts a local scanner behind your firewall. You can use it scan your file storage, cloud storage, network file system, and CI/CD pipeline. You use one of File Security's SDK or CLI to access the scanner or to integrate your own file connector. You also have the flexibility of Kubernetes and you can easily add more clusters if you need to add more scanners. Your files never leave your system; only metadata is returned to Trend Micro. Related information Billing and pricing Predictive Machine Learning in File Security Tags in File Security © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base