---
id: workspace-one-uem-integration
title: Set up Workspace ONE UEM integration
sidebar_label: Set up Workspace ONE UEM integration
description: Set up Workspace ONE UEM integration
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Set up Workspace ONE UEM integration Configure integration settings to quickly deploy the Mobile Security for Business app and app configuration to managed mobile devices. Before starting the integration process, make sure that you have: VMware Workspace ONE UEM console admin credentials Trend Vision One console admin credentials Procedure On the Trend Vision One console, access the configuration screen for Workspace ONE UEM integration. If this is the first time you set up Mobile Security, go to Mobile Security → Mobile Inventory to display the Mobile Security landing page. Under I have an MDM solution, choose Use My MDM Solution → VMware Workspace ONE UEM (AirWatch). If you have already set up an MDM integration or Mobile Device Director, go to Mobile Security → Mobile Inventory, click the settings icon (), and click Add MDM Solution. Under I have an MDM solution, choose Use My MDM Solution → VMware Workspace ONE UEM (AirWatch). Go to Workflow and Automation → Third-Party Integration, and click VMware Workspace ONE UEM (AirWatch) in the integration list. The configuration screen appears. Note To edit your Workspace ONE UEM integration settings, go to Workflow and Automation → Third-Party Integration, and click VMware Workspace ONE UEM (AirWatch) in the integration list. Only administrators with the Master Administrator or Operator role can edit the integration settings. In the Integration Settings section, do the following actions. Configure the API authentication settings. Field Description API URL Root URL of the integrated Workspace ONE UEM console server. To obtain the URL, open the Workspace ONE UEM console and go to Groups & Settings → All Settings → System → Advance → Site URLs. API key Unique character string used to authenticate the communication between Mobile Security and Workspace ONE UEM. Copy and paste the API key generated when you enabled API access on the Workspace ONE UEM console. Account Account used to authenticate the communication between Mobile Security and Workspace ONE UEM. Specify the account you created on the Workspace ONE UEM console when preparing for the integration. Password Password of the account described above. Use the password of the account you created on the Workspace ONE UEM console when preparing for the integration. (Optional) After your configuration is complete, click Test Connection to verify the connection between Mobile Security and Workspace ONE UEM. Select the platform of the mobile devices you are managing through Workspace ONE UEM. iOS/iPadOS To manage iOS/iPadOS devices with the Apple Volume Purchase Program (VPP), you must integrate Apple's Managed Distribution system with Workspace ONE UEM before clicking Save. (The path to VPP Managed Distribution screen on the Workspace ONE UEM console is GROUPS & SETTINGS → All Settings → Devices & Users → Apple → VPP Managed Distribution.) To verify the integration, make sure your Apple Business/School Manager has purchased the Mobile Security for Business app. Then, in the UEM console go to RESOURCES → Apps → Native, click Purchased, click SYNC ASSETS, and check that Mobile Security for Business appears in the app list. For more information, see the VMware documentation. Android Important To integrate Android devices, you must first register VMware Workspace ONE as your Android EMM provider. For more information, see Register Workspace ONE as your Android EMM provider. In the Other Settings section, select the data sync frequency. Note The Sync data every field indicates the number of days between the attempts by Mobile Security to automatically synchronize user and device information from Workspace ONE UEM. Click Save. Mobile Security adds Mobile Security for Business and platform-specific app configuration keys to Workspace ONE UEM. The following are examples of app configuration keys: Token assigned to Mobile Security for Business User's company region Mobile Security's API server address If automatically deploying Mobile Security for Business, confirm which groups to deploy to in the Deploy Mobile Agent to Devices window and click Deploy Now. Note This window appears only when Mobile Security detects that some mobile apps were previously assigned to mobile devices of the groups using Workspace ONE UEM. Mobile Security starts to install Mobile Security for Business on the specified group devices. When the installation is complete, end users need to launch the app for the devices to automatically enroll with Mobile Security. On first launch, end users must grant the required device permissions. Once enrolled, Mobile Security immediately performs a security scan on the devices without any user interference. Related information Register Workspace ONE as your Android EMM provider © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base