---
id: working-dashboard-email-security
title: Working with the dashboard
sidebar_label: Working with the dashboard
description: Working with the dashboard
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Working with the dashboard The Dashboard screen displays charts for email traffic relayed through Cloud Email Gateway Protection. To go to the Dashboard screen, choose Email and Collaboration Security Operations → Cloud Email Gateway Protection → Dashboard. Note The time zone of Trend Vision One is used. Select the data shown in charts and their corresponding thumbnail charts on the Threats, Top Statistics, or Other Statistics tab of Dashboard using the following controls and settings. Controls and settings Control Settings Domain and direction of traffic Select a domain and mail traffic direction using specific controls. Tip To select all domains, select all my domains from the Managed domain drop-down list. Settings Click the settings icon on the right of the tabs to select widgets to show on each tab as needed. Time periods Select a time period at the top of each chart. The following are the definitions of time periods: Date: The most recent eight (8) days. Days are split into hours from 0:00 to 23:59. Because days start at midnight, charts with a time period of the current day will never show a full 24 hours of data. Week: The most recent eight (8) weeks. Weeks are the days from Sunday to Saturday. Because weeks start on Sunday, charts with a time period of the current week will never show a full seven (7) days of data. Month: The most recent two (2) months. Months are days from the first to the last day of the calendar month. Because months start on the first, charts with a time period of the current month will never show the full month of data. Last 12 months: The data for the last twelve months plus all days of the current month. Always shows more than one year of data. Note The specified time period only affects the data shown on the current chart and its corresponding thumbnail chart on the Summary tab. Changing the selection on a chart does not affect other charts. Specific Charts Chart Settings Ransomware Details Threats Threats Details Virtual Analyzer File Analysis Details Virtual Analyzer URL Analysis Details Virtual Analyzer Quota Usage Details Domain-based Authentication Details Select a time period by Date, Week, Month, or Last 12 months to show data for the selected time period. Top Business Email Compromise (BEC) Threats Top Analyzed Advanced Threats (Files) Top Analyzed Advanced Threats (URLs) Top Malware Detected by Predictive Machine Learning Top Malware Detected by Pattern-based Scanning Top Spam Top Data Loss Prevention (DLP) Incidents Select a time period by Date, Week, Month, or Last 12 months to show the total percentage of messages by value for the selected time period. Use the Top violators drop-down list to select the number of email addresses that display on the chart. Volume Bandwidth Time-of-Click Protection Select a time period by Date, Week, or Month to show data for the selected time period. Related information Threats tab Top statistics tab Other statistics tab © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base