---
id: xdr-for-cloud
title: About XDR for Cloud
sidebar_label: About XDR for Cloud
description: About XDR for Cloud
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 About XDR for Cloud Learn more about how Trend Vision One monitors and protects your cloud assets. Important XDR for Cloud currently only supports AWS cloud accounts. Support for additional cloud providers is coming soon. XDR for Cloud is one of the key cloud security features offered by Trend Vision One to monitor and protect your cloud assets. XDR for cloud leverages over 150 detection models combined with global threat intelligence to correlate and prioritize threat signals and automate response actions across your environment. XDR for Cloud delivers pre-emptive protection against attacks including privilege escalation attempts, policy rollbacks, master password modifications, Amazon Simple Storage Service (S3) data exfiltration attempts, multi-factor authentication (MFA) deactivations, and more. Additionally, you can leverage the Playbooks app to help automate response actions. XDR for Cloud currently offers integration with the following data sources to provide insights into user, service, and resource detailed activity: AWS CloudTrail logs VPC flow logs Amazon Security Lake As the use of cloud-based solutions continues to grow, so does the threat of malicious attacks on cloud provider infrastructure. With Amazon Web Services as the market leader of cloud services, securing your assets against attackers is more important than ever. See how integrating Trend Vision One with CloudTrail is helping to uncover cloud attacks. XDR for Cloud provides the integration needed to monitor and protect your cloud assets through two key strategies: integrating CloudTrail and integrating VPC Flow Logs. Log data is ingested into Trend Vision One for XDR analysis, integrating with key apps including Workbench and Observed Attack Techniques. To test out the XDR for Cloud features, view the following topics: Testing CloudTrail integration for XDR for Cloud Testing VPC Flow Log integration for XDR for Cloud If you want to get started right away with protection your cloud assets, see Connecting and updating AWS accounts. For information about estimating credit usage with XDR for Cloud, see Estimating and monitoring XDR for Cloud usage. Related information Estimating and monitoring XDR for Cloud usage Testing CloudTrail integration for XDR for Cloud CloudTrail demo models Testing VPC Flow Log integration for XDR for Cloud Threat Intelligence sweeping test for VPC Flow Logs VPC Flow Log demo models © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base