---
id: ztsa-credit-settings
title: Zero Trust Secure Access credit settings
sidebar_label: Zero Trust Secure Access credit settings
description: Zero Trust Secure Access credit settings
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 Zero Trust Secure Access credit settings Automatically allocate credits by enabling Private Access, Internet Access, or both. Zero Trust Secure Access requires that you allocate credits for each of your authenticated users. You can choose to enable Private Access and Internet Access, including AI Service Access, individually, but you may not assign different users to each service. Credits are assigned to all authenticated users automatically after you enable a feature. Gain control over your user’s access to internal applications, the internet, and generative AI services by enabling Private Access, Internet Access, and AI Service Access. Private Access: 50 credits per user Internet Access: 60 credits per user Sandbox (requires Internet Access): 7 credits per user AI Service Access: 50 credits per user Internet Access and AI Service Access (bundled): 85 credits per user Outbound Static IP Address (requires Internet Access or AI Service Access): 4000 credits per 256 Mbps of bandwidth Note Data retention period: 180 days Procedure Go to Zero Trust Secure Access → Secure Access Overview. View or enable your Private Access, Internet Access, and AI Service Access services by clicking the gear icon next to Credit Usage (). Allocate credits to the desired services by enabling: the Private Access, Internet Access or AI Service Access toggles. After enabling or disabling a service, you can view the estimated credit cost immediately. Important The credit estimate is only valid at the time you enable or disable a feature. If the number of authenticated users changes before you apply your changes (or your trial ends) the actual credit allocation may differ. If you want to enable Outbound Status IP Addresses, go to Zero Trust Secure Access → Internet Access and AI Service Access Configuration → Global Settings → Outbound Static IP and configure your Static IP Address pairs. Note Outbound Static IP requires that either Internet Access or AI Service Access has been enabled. For customers that have not completed the trial period, you can choose: Automatically allocate credits after the trial ends to avoid any disruption of service. Important You must have enough credits available when your trial ends to avoid service disruptions. For more information about acquiring credits, contact your sales representative. Decide Later. After the trial ends, you need to allocate credits to continue using these services. You can change your trial settings at any time. To view a full list of your authenticated users, expand Usage Guide and click the number of user accounts. Clicking Export on the User Accounts screen downloads the users to a CSV file. Click Apply. You can begin to use your services immediately after enabling and applying the credit allocation. © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base