---
id: ztsa-x-forwarded-for-headers
title: X-Forwarded-For headers
sidebar_label: X-Forwarded-For headers
description: X-Forwarded-For headers
tags:
  - endpoint-security
  - trend-vision-one
---

 X-Forwarded-For headers When you implement the Zero Trust Internet Access Gateway Service or the Zero Trust Internet Access On-premises gateway, the user IP and geolocation is based on that of the Cloud gateway or the on-premise gateway and not where your clients are located. The X-Forwarded-For header allows you to insert your own public IP address to the header for inspected HTTP/HTTPS traffic. You set the X-Forwarded-For header to your On-premises and Cloud gateways separately. The X-Forwarded-For header is a global setting that applies to all of your Internet Access gateways. including both cloud and on-premise gateways. You have three options when setting up and managing your gateways: No change: This is the default setting. The gateway does not change an X-Forwarded-For header. Append or insert the public IP address connecting to the gateway into X-Forwarded-For header: The gateway, including default gateway for public/home network location, uses your connecting public IP address in the X-Forwarded-For header for inspected HTTP/HTTPS traffic. You must ensure that HTTPS inspection is turned on for traffic requiring this action. Remove the X-Forwarded-For header: The gateway, including the default gateway, removes the X-Forwarded-For header from inspected HTTP/HTTPS traffic. You must ensure that HTTPS inspection is turned on for traffic requiring this action. To add an X-Forward-For header: Procedure On the Trend Vision One console, go to Zero Trust Secure Access → Secure Access Configuration → Internet Access and AI Service Access Configuration. On the Global Settings tab, click X=Forwarded=For. Under Cloud gateway, select the appropriate radio button: No change (Default) Append or insert the public IP address connecting to the cloud gateway into the X-Forwarded-For header Remove the X-Forwarded-For header Under On-premises gateway, select the appropriate radio button: No change (Default) Append or insert the public IP address connecting to the on-premises gateway into the X-Forwarded-For header Remove the X-Forwarded-For header © 2025 Trend Micro Incorporated. All rights reserved.Search Knowledge Base